III.VII.XXIV

GitHub indicates that my last journal entry was four months ago, November 22nd. I was playing Hardcore WoW, which means I spent the winter leveling one-and-a-half WoW toons, making a record with Scott McMicken, eating lots of noodles and making efforts to cut back on drinking.
   Last Saturday, I stopped by the Brew Pump on my way to the Ether Jam and ordered a beer out of habit. I stared at it with regret, wondering what it could possibly do for me apart from lead to more drinking. We had an incredible jam that night.
   Some of my reconsiderings had begun from conversations I'd recently had with Hannah after confessing that it seemed like we like each other. Her initial "conclusion" was that we are too different, partly because of my relationship with substances.
   We have gone back and forth from being on the same page to not. My love for her still grows. Thankfully, we have both already made the mistake of convincing someone to love us. She has promised to smash me over the head with her love if she finds it.

I have been listening to music for pleasure and have even signed up for ad-free Spotify to satiate my appetite. This is the result of an even split between being inspired by the Scott album, having time to heal from Holy Ghost and not sacrificing my personal enjoyments for the sake of a partner for the first time in ~12 years.

The ultimate paradigm shift that led me to purchase this journal and pen was the realization of my dream life, walking around and encountering people could be executed beyond my wildest dreams without the excuse of beer prohibiting me from how long I can "be in the field."

On Sunday, I saw Cait while drinking a coffee at the Brew Pump. She asked if I was sober in a shocked manner. I realized she hadn't changed at all in ten months, which contextualized how much I had.
   Monday, I walked downtown, craved a beer, had a coffee instead, went to Altamont Deli, ordered a cheese steak, ran into Matt Shepard, had a picnic with him, walked back to the west side, met Old Sap at the Brew Pump, went home, took a bath, got invited to the Mashup by Lucy, had a great time, then went to Double Crown, Fleetwood's, the Country Club and home.
   Zero beers were had, but I still felt pleasantly rocked when I got home. I listened to music and ate a box of Cheez-Its.
   Tuesday I voted, hung with Francis and fell asleep at 7PM. Wednesday I was lazy until our trio shed hang where we recorded Bobby.

Today, I woke up, craved a walk downtown and realized there was no such thing as too early if no alcohol came into play. I got a coffee from AVL Club, drank it in three locations, walked into the library, couldn't find a book, looked out the window, saw Staples and remembered how I had bought a journal there before.
   I decided it was time, so I did that, came back to the library, sat in the same spot and wrote.

I've also been thinking about how any invitation ever from my dad to hang out always specifically includes beer. 
 
. . .

I got a cold brew from AVL Club, texted a couple people outside of Little Bee, popped into Harvest, bought a copy of Shabang, talked to Mark, who is in a band opening for Hypos at Eulogy, walked into Revolve, chatted with Emily for a minute, ate some lamburgers at Botiwalla, came home, listened to Guero and texted people about band things. I then walked to Aldi, stopping before and after at UJ to hang with Erica and Taylor, which led to seeing Francis and JB as well.
   The sun started going down, so Erica and I walked home, where I wrote in my journal after putting my groceries away: peas, Cheez-Its, clementines and bananas.

. . .

I walked downtown, stopping briefly at the Country Club and Morgan's Comics. Rachel's loops were mesmerizing. I sat with Old Sap and his wife Leah (?) until set break, at which point I signed up to buy Rachel's upcoming vinyl.
   I walked back to the west side, stopping briefly at the Double Crown for a Squirrel Nut Zippers-esque band, went to Ingles for Cheetos, grape juice & Sprite, then hung at the Country Club a bit before walking home, getting into my pajamas and writing in my journal. It was good to talk to Taylor Martin for a few. 

III.VIII

I woke at 9:30 and consumed way too much content on my phone. Eventually, I went downstairs, made a cup-and-a-half of coffee, talked to Erica for a few minutes, came up to my room and looked at my phone some more.
   Allison Etzel posted a story of a peeled clementine saying she had just recreated a dating profile, which she has always hated doing, so if anyone wants to ask her out, now is their chance. I asked if she'd like to go on a date sometime, and then specifically suggested the Hypos show.

I listened to Bobby, watched the Okonski Secret Sounds, which segued into a Dr. Dog live concert. I decided I was definitely in the mood for that, but after a couple songs, I decided I didn't need video, so I put their Live in San Fran album on and have been listening to it while writing in my journal.
   Just as it was getting really exciting, they started playing Easy Beat and brought Pat on stage, who got sappy for a second, something I don't even remember from Brian's funeral. I can't believe I just called him that.

Things got lazy and less blatantly sacred after that. I ate Cheez-Its, ramen w/ peas and listened to some more Dr. Dog.

. . .

I walked to Izzy's, enjoyed a coffee on their porch and then walked down to Kevin's house where we had a fun and relaxed evening going through tunes we'd like to eventually cover for a divas show. To Dulci's surprise, I walked home in the rain, ate the rest of my Cheetos and fell asleep.

III.IX

Woke to pre-9AM texts from Tina, made coffee, looked at my phone a bit, learned Ryan has COVID, agreed to hopefully rock anyway and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I loaded drums into the truck, set them up, drove home, made peas n' noodles, packed my bag, walked to Battle Cat, drank two coffees, ran through the set with Kevin and wrote in my journal.

. . .

We played a beautiful set. At some point, I decided my next drink is locked inside Darwin's time capsule. Tina gave me a ride home, where I got undressed, laid in bed and texted with Hannah a bit before falling asleep.

III.X

I woke at the new eleven, got dressed and collected my drums from Story Parlor. I came home, made a cup of coffee and did my best to ride the line of inviting Hannah to the Hypos show vs seeing if I would see her there. Her response leaned slightly toward the latter.
   I ate a banana, made a second cup of coffee, listened to Michael Kiwanuka and then the Ever-Expanding record while writing in my journal.
   It is dawning on me now that the record could possibly be eponymous.

I listened to some Michael Nau, took a bath, made some pea noodles, played some phone chess with JB and wrote in my journal while contemplating a third cup of coffee.

. . .

I rode with Kev to the shed where we worked on Endlessly the Spirit, All the Way, Coulda Shoulda Woulda, Bobby, Dancefloor and When You're Easy. We also walked around and took some band photos. At one point, I almost exclaimed, "This is just the best," but I kept it to myself.
   Kevin and I rode home mostly in silence until I decided to mention my date with Allison. I went quickly to bed, only taking my clothes off one at a time when they started to bother me. 

III.XI

I woke and laid in bed until I heard Erica leaving, at which point I made a coffee and listened to our songs from the night before--six of 'em! I've done little else apart from making my bed and cleaning my room and writing in my journal. Oh man, I forgot about Paranoid. That makes seven songs!

. . .

I decided to walk downtown but was hollered at by Piper, so we ate lunch at Tastee Diner. I walked home after that, put my sandwich in the fridge and walked to Aldi for grapes and citrus before swinging by the Brew Pump and drinking four cups of coffee.
   I walked home as the sun started to go down to put on my nighttime clothes and write in my journal.

. . .

Erica followed me up to Different World for a drink and seemed surprised that I left without having one. The show had not yet started and it was very quiet.
   I walked up to One World and posted up while the Mashup sound checked and the room filled in. At 9:20, I walked back to Different World and watched Slow Packer while sort of standing next to Hannah. She seemed unhappy, which made me realize that's how she often seems.
   She went home for sleep, so I walked back to One World. Barbie told me Justin was basically refusing to leave Cait's house, which was unsurprising apart from me figuring that had already played out.
   I drove Lucy & I up to Double Crown, but they were closed, so we went to Waffle House and then Lucy House. We promptly got in bed and watched Ricky Stanicky. I dreamt I was in Roller Coaster Tycoon with Allison Etzel looking for secrets.

III.XII

I woke, drank tons of coffee and watched Lucy try to organize her life. She eventually drove me home, where I made some peas n' noodles; I packed my bag, walked to the Pump, arrived at 3:00 on the nose, ate my food and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I felt very tired at 3:45, so I walked home, ate some fruit and laid down for a while. I went back to the Pump and hung out until sundown, at which point I went back home, took a bath, ate some food, talked to Erica and was in bed by 11.

III.XIII

I woke around ten, got dressed and walked straight to the Asheville Club, where I drank an Americano. They were trying to fix the Guinness tap, and Sal brought me a foaming pint so that I may assess its quality, which I declined. "I can't," I said, "I quit."
   I got a second Americano and drank it in Bartel Pritchard, where three App kids asked if they could pray for me. Bless their hearts, they sure tried. Allison said she wanted to get dinner at Botiwalla, so I started heading back west.
   But, she was confused and thought Botiwalla was downtown. She said she had a Burial gift card though, so we decided we would eat there. I ran into Myles on my way home, changed shoes, packed my bag and walked up to the Brew Pump where I drank a coffee and wrote in my journal.
   I got a second cup, smoked some pot and rode that wave before walking across the street and buying some arugula alternative. I walked home, made a bagel sandwich and wrote in my journal, still very high.

. . .

I walked to Country Club, drank a soda water w/ Dave, started walking downtown, hung on the stoop w/ Fletcher and Mikey, went to Burial, sat with the band until Allison showed up, ate with her, went to the concert, made plans to Eat Botiwalla with Allison soon, caught a ride to the Country Club, drank a soda water w/ Cait, walked home, ate some grapes and wrote in my journal.

III.XIV

I woke at 8, drank two cups of coffee, walked to Aldi, made noodles n' peas and came dangerously close to taking a nap before writing in my journal.
   I went to the Brew Pump, then Kevin's house to let Charlie out. Then, I met Juan at the Pump and played two games of Splendor before walking home, taking a bath and going straight to bed with my window cracked.

III.XV

I slept so hard thanks to the rain and thunder, and only getting four hours the night before. I dreamt that I was offered a glass of champagne while at a party w/ Scott & Leann--among many other dreams--and drank it out of sheer forgetfulness, which was very upsetting.
   It was nearly 1130 when I woke to notifications about unpaid bills, phone & Shopify, chess w/ JB, concert notifications and the 1,000th Wordle, that I decided to cheat on. I went downstairs, made a coffee, came back to my bed and wrote in my journal.
   My heart was feeling heavy so I decided to take a walk. By the time I made it to Battle Cat, I knew I had something to say to Allison, that my heart was partly tied to someone who wants to remain friends and so whatever she and I want to explore will have to be careful and casual.
   I was outside of the Grey Eagle when she texted me back saying she was in a similar situation and was relieved to know I wasn't looking for exclusive on the quick.
   I walked to the Asheville Club, got a coffee and Sierra's number, chatted with Edwin on the street, who understood exactly what I was up to musically and how much it meant, got a latte and walked to the Country Club where I chatted with Jessie, Juliette and met John. I came home, ate a banana, brushed my teeth and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I went to Botiwalla, had dinner with Allison and walked to the Brew Pump, but they were closed. I ran into Allen in the parking lot and we decided to go to UJ, where Francis was sitting at the bar. After chatting with him, I walked home, made my bed and wrote in my journal.

III.XVI

Again I stayed up late and woke up early; Erica was having a gout attack. I made a coffee before 8am, walked downtown to AVL club, ordered one, saw Kari Gunn outside of Bartel Pritchard. I ordered another, drank some in the bar and walked to the west side, stopping to pee at Archetype.
   I talked to my mom while I walked to Odd's, where I sat on the back porch and listened to music. Retrocade's tunes got too loud when they opened their garage door, so I went and sat on the pile of lumber at the top of Sand Hill.
   I walked down to Middlemont, running into Courtney & Lindsey on the way, who were racking mountain bikes on the back of their van. I ran through 11 tunes w/ Ryan, Melissa and Max including a coffee break, #4, with Ryan.
   I played them Back in the Water and walked up to Diatribe where I went 2-1 in chess with Charlie and drank an Athletic IPA. I walked home, made peas & noodles, ate a bunch of fruit, changed into my Rainbows and walked up to the Brew Pump. I ate my food, smoked a bowl, drank some Cheerwine, sat next to Dr. Myles and wrote in my journal.

. . .

Lucy was wanting to get into something, so I told her about the Orange Moon/orange soda release party, and she wanted to go, so I walked home, changed shoes and dropped off my bag before walking back to the Brew Pump and hopping in the car with her.
   We went to the Mule where the music was good and the soda delicious, but the vibe (expectedly) awkward. I was kinda surprised to see J Lloyd in the band, but he of course crushed it playing mostly percussion. Lucy talked to his girlfriend Hannah a lot and, eventually, so did I. She was thrilled for me to overshare the details of my relationship with Lucy and responded similarly. Juan sat in on a couple tunes and seemed a mess but sounded good.
   We went to One Stop after that and I made Lucy buy me two slices of pizza. It took a long while for the band to get started, but, once they did, I recognized the guitar player from another life. I said to Hunter McBride on their set break, "This is a far cry from The Family," thinking it would blow his mind for someone there to remember that band, but he just said, "Yeah, that's why I started playing synth in that band." I said, "It's me, Ross from Holy Ghost," and he said, "Yeah, I know!"
   I walked to the Country Club, drank a soda water, went home and fell asleep.

III.XVII

I woke and legitimately thought J. Lloyd, Hannah & Lucy had started a funk band, but couldn’t figure out when I would have seen them. I felt kinda hungover.
   I drank coffee, played Wordle, texted w/ Hannah, drove my mom to the airport, came home, made peas n’ noodles, cleaned a little and drove to High-Five on the river.
   It was blustery, but I had two delicious coffees and a nice chat w/ Hannah. I drove to Aldi & Ingles after that, came home and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I took a bath, made my bed, moved the lamp, read, looked at Instagram, listened to two Dream Theater songs, tried to meditate, read, looked at my phone, read, talked to Hannah and wrote in my journal.

III.XVIII

I woke around 9, made coffee, looked at my phone, read, ate fruit, made more coffee, moved the Coop so Erica could go to Atlanta, made noodles n’ peas, ate, took a bath and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I set an alarm for 413 without realizing it was AM and settled in for what I thought would be a 30min nap, but I went 20m over and woke in a panic. I was able to recover, but had ridden the nap line dangerously close.
   I went to Goodwill and the Brew Pump before driving down to Hendrix. Practice was a bit annoying — petty and unprofessional feeling, perhaps? I drove to Mashup, hung until intermission, said hey to Tyler Householder, then split.
   I came home, made two bagels, ate a bunch of fruit and wrote in my journal.

III.XIX

I woke to a canceled shed hang and felt very unsure what to do with my day — almost lonely, even. I eventually walked to Aldi for grapes. I stopped in the market and inspected the soups before agreeing to meet Cait at the Brew Pump.
   We hung mostly with Grant for the customary two ciders before she invited me over to smoke the bong. I wanted to move the Mini out of the driveway, so we went to my house for a few minutes first.
   We decided to catch the last bits of equinox sun at New Belgium. Actually, first, we had lunch. We shared a GF veg sandwich Cait had grabbed from the market, a salad from Homegrown and a grilled cheese.
   After NB and smoking another bong, we went to Ryan’s house and played Rummy, smoking cigarettes in the cold before each hand. Cait invited me in when I drove her home. She went upstairs to smoke a dab with her roommate, had a small fashion show in the hallway and then announced she was going to bed.
   I drove home and almost let her know I would be interested in having sex with her, but I decided to save it for a time when she wasn’t on dabs, Adderall, blow & eight ciders.

III.XX

I woke, made coffee, made my bed, ate fruit and wrote in my journal.
   I left the house, got a coffee from Battle Cat, walked to the AVL Club, got another, sat in Bartel Pritchard, and then walked to Loretta's. I sat in the window and looked at the menu til Fursty came in behind me.
   We chatted until I decided I didn’t want to eat yet and he had to get back to work. I decided to see if the market on Wall Street had NA Guinness and ran into Eden right outside, who was going to a job interview. I was excited to tell her I had quit drinking. She has been thinking of doing the same.
   I peed at the Grey Schmeagle, said hi to Jess and walked to the Whale, where the bartender was even more excited than me to have NA Guinness. I sat in the sun, sipped excitedly on it and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked home, loaded my drums into the Mini Cooper and made a mason jar of peas n’ noodles. I drove to the Brew Pump and ate them with a cup of Starry. There was no one hanging out there, so I decided I would loiter at the Getaway instead.
   I forgot what an old drunk biker bar it really was, and so I really felt like a character drinking coffee and Athletic with my long hair and David Sedaris book. I was probably there for three hours before frantic Ryan showed up.
   The radio sound people were literal opposites of the gruff bikers, and I longed for an energy somewhere in the middle, which is where Hannah came in. As we played, I watched her go from grumpy to tipsy on cherry cider, from dissociated to pool shark.
   I forgot to mention how the owner of the market took a liking to me, randomly saw me wasting time at the bar and showed up later hoping I would be his friend. The whole bar cleared out except for me, him and Hannah.
   I drove home, made bagels and texted Hannah a bit before falling into a deep sleep. We were both feeling grumpy/cranky about transitions in our lives, but I told her we got this.
   “Night night,” we said.

III.XXI

I had a marathon of dreams complete with all the characters of my life, and all more realistic than the Getaway had been. I woke at 1030, brushed my teeth, got dressed and bee-lined for the AVL Club, where Dennis was working his last shift.
   I drank a coffee in Bartel Pritchard, meditated and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I ordered one more coffee and drank it in front of the library, where I talked to two nearly incoherent zen masters, then meditated. I recommended Lucy park in Montford and took a pee at All Day Darling.
   We walked to the Grey Schmeagle, where the cook failed at making coffee, knowing what cava was, how to pour a beer. We walked to Taco Billy, where Lucy drank a mimosa.
   We sat on the hill, and when Lucy went to talk to people she knew, I meditated, and then wrote a sentence in my journal. We walked to the crazy gas station by Harvest Records, where Lucy got a bag of hot Takis and a single-serve box of Bota.
   We walked to my house where I made bagels, listened to the new Dr. Dog song. We sat on the porch for a while, and — no, first I took Lucy to her car. I wrote in my journal on the porch while she went to the liquor store.
   After that is when she vented on the porch. We watched Deadpool and I got a little horny. But by the time the movie was over, she was drunk and breaking things. I should have offered to drive her home, but the thought was too much. She drove herself. I made plain noodles and wrote in my journal.
   She just texted me saying she’s home safe. I’m halfway tempted to walk around a 24-hour Ingles, but I don’t know what I would buy.

III.XXII

I woke after 10, went downstairs, made a coffee, talked with Erica. I mentioned how I thought my dad might be disappointed that I had quit drinking, and she said, “You quit drinking??”
   I made another coffee, came up stairs and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I spent way too long figuring out how to set the Mini audio to aux, and then drove to Sylva (in like 40m) Pops (as I just started calling him) and I hung out for a bit, then went to Innovation + Cosmic Carryout.
   When I told him what an Athletic was, he said, “Oh, cuz you’re driving Mom’s car.” I said, “Yeah, sorta. I also quit drinking three weeks ago.” He said, “For good? Oh… that’s good, I guess.”
   I had a kombucha and took some to go. I cleaned my coffeemaker and headed out, stopping at Lucy's on the way back for a couple nuggies. I told — or implied to Allison that I was in the neighborhood, but she extended no invitation, so I drove home, gave Erica a ride to B&B, came back home and wrote in my journal. Id asked Hannah what she was up to and she sent a cute pic of her hanging with family out of town, so I got high.

. . .

I made peas n’ noodles, grabbed my drum rug out of the car, set it up in my room and sat on the floor. At some point, I stumbled upon Brian Blade’s website and felt inspired to revamp my own, which I did while listening to his latest album. I also listened to Khruangbin, the new Dr. Dog song and wrote in my journal.
   Erica reclaimed her Bluetooth speaker but suddenly remembered she had an old pair + amp in the basement, so I gladly set those up and test them out with some Cake.

III.XXIII

I woke at nine, made coffee and listened to Shabang. I told Kev I thought we could probably fit the keyboard in the Mini, but he said he would probably just drive and maybe even go to Guitar Center beforehand.
   So, I drove downtown, parked at the LaZoom Room and wrote in my journal while listening to Youngblood Brass Band.

. . .

I loaded my drums onto the bus when it arrived. Kevin, Dulci, Charlie and I sound checked for Kyle, but David was hosting. We played Sweet Sweet Baby, What’s Up, Bag of Hammers and Valerie on the way to Highland. We all hung out on the bus once we got there.
   On the way to New Belgium, we played Strawberry Wine, Flowers, Marry You, Debra and surely one other. I ordered a ginger beer from the bar.
   We discussed playing Zombie by The Cranberries but decided it was too topical for the bus, so we were surprised when David asked if we knew it. For the first time, we let a passenger sing a request. We followed it with Tubthumping and then mostly all got coffees at Summit.
   Charlie led us through Margaritaville on the way back downtown, followed by Friends in Low Places, Livin’ on a Prayer and We Are the Champions. Dulci spotted me $10 for a burrito from Mamacita’s, and then we did it all again.
   It was cold now, so I packed my drums, sped to Ingles, bought pretzel shells, grapes and came home where I took a bath, made peas n’ noodles + arugula & pretzel shell crumbles and then wrote in my journal.

. . .

I fell asleep very full with a bag of grapes next to me, waking periodically and eating 2-4 of them with a sip of bubbly water.
   I woke at 530, put on May the Lord Watch, cleaned my room, smoked a bowl and wrote in my journal. I put on a Brian Blade record and slept soundly.

III.XXIV

I woke at 11 to a text from Cait; her tum would probably be unfit for a walk. I pulled Erica's truck further forward and parked the Mini behind it. Then, I packed my drums into their bags, made a coffee and wrote in my journal.

. . .

Cait felt too depressed to take a walk, a feeling which then spread to me. Around 230, I set off for Aldi and bought grapes, citrus, bananas, peas. I texted Cait, “I can give you another chance,” and she replied, “Haha, right on.”
   I sat with Michel, Kari and Maria for a moment at the Brew Pump and then walked home, unpacked my groceries, made a coffee and wrote in my journal. I texted w/ Hannah, walked to the market for toothpaste & chicken noodle soup, ate it at the Brew Pump, came home, looked at my phone and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I was content with my solitude but also worried about Cait. I fell asleep very early, maybe nine?

III.XXV

I woke at nine after lots of dreams with strangers. My three blankets were very heavy. I made a coffee, listened to Magnolia by Okonski and wrote in my journal.
   It was still too cold to go for a walk at eleven, so I made another coffee and put on The Wind Rises.

. . .

It was close to one when I started getting my things together to leave the house. The weather was inviting at first, but the further I walked, the more the wind blew in my face. “The wind rises; you must live.” I stopped into Battle Cat, ordered a latte and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I talked with Jess for a minute and decided I would continue downtown. I walked to the bank, had a coffee at AVL Club, walked to Jack of the Wood, had a NA Guinness, walked back to Battle Cat for a cup of coffee, ordered some veggie dumplings from Lil’ Nick, ate them on my walk home, listened to a Big Fur album, took a bath, made peas n’ noodles and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I looked at my phone for a while, listened to some 311 and walked up to the Mashup. I snuck in the back and ordered a kombucha and a sparkling lemonade.
   I drove Cait’s car toward country karaoke, but saw Lucy walking outside of Weirdo Central and parked the car. She hollered to see if we needed anything and I said, “Rap Snacks!”
   we hung at karaoke until 230. then, Lucy bought three hot dogs and we went to Cait’s house where we listened to music and played charades until 430. I walked home in the mist, ate some fruit and wrote in my journal.

III.XXVI

Woke to a rainy day, listened to May the Lord Watch, drank coffee, ate fruit and pretzel shells, listened to Kokoroko, fell asleep, woke, made coffee, updated my calendar, listened to Madvillany and wrote in my journal.
   I made noodles n’ peas w/ pretzel crumbles, looked at my phone and listened to Shintaro Sakamoto. Then, Spotify recommended I listen to Illinoise — what a long album! I put on the Kokoroko album after that and fell asleep.

III.XXVII

It was a little harder to get up than I expected, so I put a coffee in my to-go cup, brushed my teeth, got dressed, packed my bag and left the house. I walked to AVL Club, ordered another coffee and wrote in my journal.
   I lost a game of chess to Isaiah, ordered another coffee, lost a game to Nate, ordered a latte and walked to the west side. I stopped in the bottle shop, bought a four-pack of GuinNA, walked to the Brew Pump, sat on the stage, listened to the Ever-Expanding album and then wrote in my journal.

. . .

Derek, Travis and I helped Myles complete the Mountain Xpress crossword, and then I made peas n’ noodles, dropped off a bag at Ryan & Melissa’s house, went to Kev's, ate my food on their porch and drove us all to the shed, where we had Ever-Expanding rehearsal as a nine-piece for the first time (and pizza.)
   I dropped Kevin & Alyse off and sped to a show downtown at the One Stop, then had friends over til 6AM.

III.XVIII

I hid in bed, ate pickle chips, drank coffee and an Athletic until about 320, when I moved the Mini, got dressed and laid my rug out in the back of the truck. I also wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove to Kev's house, smoked a bowl in the front yard and drove to the shed, where we loaded all the gear. Kev and I grabbed coffees on our way to Revolve, where we loaded in the gear, set up and eventually played through the Ever-Expanding record for a small crowd and many cameras.
   We socialized while packing up. I took the truck home, fetched the Mini and spent $30 on a burger, fries and Sprite at the Pub. I watched UNC lose their tournament game and gave my friend Jill a hug. I drove home and fell fast asleep.

III.XXIX

I woke at 8 and looked at Instagram. The sound of the door being locked when we were ready to perform at Revolve was suck in my head. The Nap Ministry shared a link to Beyoncé's cover of Blackbird, so I listened to that whole album and fell right back asleep until 1130.
   I woke, got dressed, brushed & flossed and headed for downtown. I ordered a coffee from AVL Club, did some social media, went over to Bartel Pritchard and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I ordered another coffee,dis some more social media, sat in the park some more, ordered a latte and walked to the west side. I sat in front of Sunny Point for a while and then walked with Hannah to Odd's and back.
   I went home, changed my bag setup and walked to Aldi with a quick stop at the Brew Pump before and after. I went home, took a bath, made noodles & peas, looked at my phone and wrote in my journal.

III.XXX

I woke at seven but fell back asleep for a long time. I drank a cup of coffee, went to Jill's bday at the arcade, drank a coffee at the Pump, went home, made food and then went to the Greagle.
   I forgot to say I had listened to Sara Shook’s new record and cleaned my room while drinking that first coffee. I chatted with Jack while he ate dinner and then walked up to AVL Club for a latte and a sit in the park, where I wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked back down to Greagle for the Disarmers show, helped with load-out, swung by Weirdo Central w/ Jack and then hung for a while at my house. We listened to Ever-Expanding, Khruangbin, Scary Goldings and a Cavaliers lot session before I drove him downtown.

III.XXXI

Woke, drank two coffees and put gas in the car. I got some soup from the market, ate it under a tree and drove to the coffee shop by the airport where I had a nitro cold brew.
   I picked up my mom and drove her to Sylva, then had a burger and an Athletic w/ Pops. I went back to their house, ate some grapes, laid on the couch for a while and then drove back to Asheville.
   I bought some NA Guinness and took it to the Pump, where we came up with the idea for the Oopsy App. I went home, took a bath and wrote in my journal.

IV.I

I went to Aldi for grapes and bubbles as soon as they opened, then came home, made a coffee and charged my phone. The first Ever-Expanding track was released, so I posted to my story and started walking downtown.
   I got a coffee at AVL Club, did some more social media stuff, went to Bartel Pritchard, opened a GuinNA and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I started walking west, stopping briefly at Aren's house to use the restroom. I went home, made food and looked at my phone on the porch until the sun started to set and I decided another walk was in order.
   I walked down to the Bitter Kitty, turned around, walked up to the Pump and hung w/ Casey, Jackie, Jake & Chad for a few. I decided to check out the Mashup, so walked down there and sat with my back to the wall. Josh came in and we related with each other how we didn’t feel social, but staying home alone didn’t seem an option either.
   I walked to the Country Club, chatted with Kevin & Dave, got a soda water, sat with Tate, Mark and Tawney for a minute, then walked home, listened to Dawn Landes and fell asleep.

IV.II

Woke, tidied up the clothes in my room, made a cup of coffee and drank it in the back garden, finishing it in the hammock. I made some updates to my website, cleaned up around the house a bit more, set up my rug on the porch and sat for a spell. I texted a friend saying it was the most beautiful day of the year for sure.
   I started a load of laundry, almost fell asleep, went back out to the porch and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I went to Cait’s house and exchanged some vinyls. We smoked and went to Zilly for food & cider/NA stout. We weren’t back to her house, one at Romat, where we saw Francis, who was upset. “You two are here.” this was after stopping at my house to get my nighttime clothes.
   We went to Little Jumbo and saw music like none I had ever heard — jazz blues Cajun? I guess I’ve heard that. I didn’t recognize it in the context of Asheville musicians. It transcended in that way.
   We went back to Cait’s house and jammed on instruments no one can play. Will showed up and I got upset. I went home and thought I might wallow for a couple days.

IV.III

I dreamt I was exchanging painting lessons w/ Alan Watts. When I woke, I felt reborn, and the weather was unexpectedly warm, so I set off on foot. I got to the bend in Wayhood and decided to turn back to Cattle Bat for a quad Americano with my last $5.00.
   there was one dry sunny spot on the bench by the entrance, so I enjoyed the best cup of coffee of my life and walked home, where I sat in the back garden, cleaned my bathtub, took a bath, changed over my laundry, sat on my drum rug and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I made some updates to my website while listening to The Listening, folded my laundry, put it away. I listened to some of the first Black Star album and Take Me Where I ain’t.

. . .

I picked up Hannah and we drove to Hillman, where we met Nathan, ordered food and were randomly joined by Ryan and Allison. We walked across the street to Open Folk and were engulfed with music. Millie said, “Y’all wanna hang?” The kitchen was closed across the street, so we went to Standard Pizza and talked about how we can improve our community.

IV.IV

I woke, drank three cups of coffee, did laundry from start to finish, worked on website back end, took a bath, loaded my drums into the car, drove to Kev's for a bit and then down to the Purple Onion, where I set up my drums, sound checked, drank an Athletic, ate dinner, ordered a coffee, went to the greenroom and wrote in my journal.

. . .

Kevin, Dulci and I played a very fun set. From what I can gather looking at my calendar, it was the first time we’d played our original songs together since the Pie Chani Christmas party in early December. The music felt fresh and effortless.
   I drank a coffee while loading out and then got stuck in traffic.

IV.V

I woke, made coffee and listened to the new Khruangbin album before packing a small bag to go house sitting. I stared out the window when I got there, sitting quietly with Charlie and Nubs. My phone informed me that I had walked 122 miles in the month of March — certainly a new record.

. . .

Gnarlie and I went to the bank after reading through writings and making small changes. I deposited my cash from the Purple Onion and said, “Could a depressed person do that?” it was very windy outside. We drove home, ate some food & took a nap together.
   I spent the night on self-enquiry and a little poetry.

IV.VI

Woke, let Charlie out, fed she and Nubs. Neighbor Stan came to the door and said, “Aw man, I thought Kevin was here. I was hoping for a ride.” I said, “I’ll give you a ride, bud!”
   we went to Instant Karma to pick up some candles and then walked to Beanwerks for coffees. We drove home, where I drank my coffee, looked at my phone and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I rested while charging my phone and eventually walked with Charlie up to my house, where I took a bath, wrote a personal bio, drank a cup of coffee and packed a bag of additional things to have on hand while pet sitting, like pajama pants. We then walked back to Hendrix St., where I ate some food and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked up to Cellarest, where Dan was playing, ordered a hop water and sat outside in the sun. Ryan showed up w/ Max and we talked about the album he has been recording all week with Lillie Syracuse. It was getting cold, so we went inside for the second set, which is when Melissa showed up. I ordered a kombucha and chatted with her about the funeral she had just played until Alex McWalters arrived.
   Melissa took Max home and I chatted with Alex about the book he had been working on for three years, and how I had recently started sharing my journals. “You’re the first person I’ve told,” I said.
   We hugged and Ryan gave me a ride to Hendrix, where I ate chips, made rice and wrote in my journal.

IV.VII

I fed the monsters, drank a French press of coffee, sat in the sun, made rice and then drove with Charlie up to my house where I added red pepper flakes and peas. I drove to the Baltimore, set up my drums on the gazebo and played four hours of music with Dulci, Ryan and Melissa. I got sad on the drive home and re-listened to Waiting in Vain, the last song we played. 

IV.IX

The rain was hypnotic. We slept with the window open til 11AM, at which point I drank a coffee and gathered my things. We drove down to Zeppelin, where I fed the monsters and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I made peas n’ rice plus a French press of coffee and spent the afternoon eating, drinking, napping and typing on the computer. At six-thirty, I walked to rehearsal with Ryan, Melissa, Charlie, Dulci, Blella(h), June and Max before coming back to Hendrix, eating chocolate out of the pantry and writing in my journal.

IV.X

I woke at eight and set my drums for a rehearsal with Ryan and Tina. The center of my back was hurting from being yanked around by Charlie, so I laid down immediately after practice instead of helping them carry things to their cars. I laid on the floor for a while and came up with a plan for the day.
   I walked Charlie down to my house and changed my damp socks, drank a coffee and then walked back down to Hendrix alone. I gathered some things and drove the car up to Meyers, took a bath, made food (after listening to Okonski's Magnolia.) I looked at my phone for a while and then drove to Open Folk.
   I ordered an Athletic, sat by the fire pit*, got another drink with Hannah & Chris, talked to Rita about a possible emergency photo shoot, watched the second set, went across the street for a heart-to-heart and then drove home to Charlie the Dog.
   I slept from midnight til 430, ate a clementine, drank a tangerine bubbly, listened to some songs, smoked and wrote in my journal.

IV.XI

I napped, walked Charlie down to her house in the rain and then walked to Aldi, Izzy's, the market and my house. I sat on the porch, added more espresso to my latte and wrote in my journal, feeling as dreary as the weather.

. . .

I took a bath, drove to Hendrix, made food and laid down in bed. Melissa and Max came over to give me a hug. After a convo on the porch, I went back to bed and eventually fell asleep.

IV.XII

I was woken by the monsters, fed them, made a French press and drank the whole thing while packing up my drums and other petsitting belongings. I did the dishes, made the bed, sat outside and wrote in my journal.

. . .

Gnarly and I took my possessions and drove up to my house. I probably drank a coffee and then walked Charlie the Dog back to Kev's house. I went to Aldi, Izzy's, the market and my house after that.
   Tina picked me up at 315, and we drove two hours to the John C. Campbell Folk School. An arts camp full of students were congratulating each other in the concert hall when we got there. I drank coffee in the wings until they were done. Then, we set up for a TaHP performance, sound checked, went to the caf for a very quick dinner and then played a concert.
   I rode with Kim & Ted back to Asheville and quickly fell asleep.

IV.XIII

I woke, drank a coffee and drove the Mini to Rare Bird Farm, where I set up my drums in the barn and sat in the sun until Kevin, Dulci and Wyndham arrived. We sound checked, ate dinner, watched Sam, played 70 mins of music and packed up our things.
   I drove back to the west side and then walked downtown to Mamacita's for a burrito and then Madison Cunningham at the Orange Peel. I caught a ride home from Gary, where we listened to music and ate tons of clementines.

IV.XIV

Woke and walked to Izzy's for a quad red-eye before sending out invitations to my bday party. I went to Aldi after that, got a beer from UJ, walked home, dropped off my groceries, walked to Ingles for soy sauce and bubbles, went home, made food, walked to Malvern Hills, ate and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I played a game of chess with Charlie in the park and lost. We walked to Kev's house for a Dulci band photo shoot and played another game on the porch while everyone did whatever it is they do when they first get together. We took some photos around the house and then some more in the park.
   I walked to Odd’s for an iced latte and got a text from Melissa saying they were going to Muñoz. I walked home, got the car, drove to Muñoz, ate three tamales outside with Ryan, Melissa, Dulci, Kevin, Alyse and Max before driving home, eating grapes in the bath and falling asleep til 3AM.
   I woke, listened to Let it Die and laid awake.

IV.XV

I woke after 10, drank a coffee in the hammock, made another, walked to Aldi, then Odd’s, where I ordered a latte and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I went home, ate chocolate, typed on my computer and eventually walked up to the Pump. They were closed, but I realized that didn’t matter to me at all, so I sat in the gas station parking lot and watched people arrive.
   Grant wanted to go to UJ, so I had a hop water with him there. Around 430, we went back to the Pump, where I ate hibachi, bought a 12-pack of Athletic and drove down to Middlemont.
   We had Hannah rehearsal on the porch, and then I drove to the Mashup. They finished playing at 11:15. I drove home and cried myself to sleep, woke at 3AM, took a bath, went back to bed and had life-or-death dreams.

IV.XVI

I awoke an hour before my alarm, made my bed, tidied the kitchen and the bathroom, made coffee and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove to Scott's and was the first one there. Scott was he was playing guitar on his porch when I got there rehearsal Ever-Expanding rehearsal drove Charlie to her house, no, met my mom at my house, swapped Minis, drove Charlie home, came back, emptied my pockets and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I set off for downtown, sat on my secret staircase to nowhere and called my mom. She had taken a nap in her car and was waiting at the ballpark, so I walked there and met her an hour-and-a-half before the game was set to start.
   We each got two hot dogs, sat by third base and were joined by Pops and many good friends [Ted, Ryan, Max, Jason, Dulci, Dan, Finn, Millie, Will, Hannah, Scott, Leann, Steve, Marissa, Melissa and Charlie.] The Tourists played great, made lots of double plays and even won the game in a timely manner. Some of us had a nostalgic hang in the parking lot and then parted ways. I fell asleep early compared to most birthdays.

IV.XVII

I slept more than I had been lately and dreamt less crazily, but still had a very awake period from 5-8. I woke again at 1045, drank two cups of coffee and managed my calendar, wrote in my journal.

. . .

I made food and drove to Open Folk, mainly to see Ryan. I was feeling very tired after that, so after helping stack chairs, I drove home, made more food and fell asleep.

IV.XVIII

I picked up Kevin and drove to the shed, where we started making music at 1030. at six, we drove to his house, where we had Dulci band rehearsal til 930. I went to UJ after that, ate a felafel burger with tots, drank an Athletic, drove home and took a bath. I was feeling clean and restless, so I put on some shorts, a T-shirt and walked up to the Country Club for another Mathletic. I went home and listened to Hannah Kaminer songs.

IV.XIX

I woke after a nice rain, made a cup of coffee, listened to Heavy on the Vine, packed my drums in the convertible, called my dad, ate a banana, made another cup of coffee and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove down to Ryan and Melissa's, chatted with them about a gig, and then, once Hannah arrived, loaded up her car and rode to Columbia. She, Ryan and I played for a couple hours and then drove back to Altamont, very tired. We unloaded our gas station snacks and musical equipment, then parted ways.
   I slept soundly.

IV.XX

I woke and manically posted to social media regarding the Ever-Expanding record having been released. I retrieved my new pair of Rainbow flip flops from the mailbox and walked up to Odd’s for a quad latte. I felt at peace drinking it in the sun on their back porch.
   I went to Aldi for fruits and veggies, came home and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I packed a bag and drove out to Swananoa for the Sticky Icky, where I ate pizza and played a 90-minute set w/ Dulci, Kevin, Alyse, Charlie, Ryan and Melissa. I ate more pizza, walked down to the river, ate more pizza and drove downtown to Thomas Kozak’s CD release.
   There was a beautiful collection of people and sounds in the room. We grounded that energy by going to the WALK, where we pushed three or four tables together and did our best to not overwork their only two servers.
   Everyone was tired and we talked about how hard they were going to sleep before parting ways.

IV.XXI

I made coffee, listened to the Thomas Kozak EP and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove to the American Ballroom Company in Canton, where Kevin and I played two hours of music to dancers of all ages. I packed my drums in the car and drove to Zilly, where Hannah Kaminer was playing music with the Hillclimbers. I ordered food + an NA beer. The bands had been moved inside due to cold weather, and the bar patrons were talking a bit loudly.
   I met a cool dog named Toby and drove to Static Age Loft, where Millie and three other songwriters were playing in a round. I drank a Mathletic Lite, chatted with Christina and drove home, took a bath. I was tired and fell asleep.

IV.XXII

Took my drums out of the convertible, made two cups of coffee and drove down to Centerford for rehearsal with Tina, Melissa, Ryan and Max, where I had a third cup of coffee. At 1, I drove up to the shed, where we spontaneously wrote one song and demoed another.
   Kev and I went to Muñoz after that, ate and talked about therapy. I grabbed a latte and an iced coffee from Odd's and drove down to Kev's house where we had rehearsal with Hannah and Jackson. We worked on the arrangement of one song and ran through nine or ten others until we realized how late it was. I drove home, ate all the grapes and fell fast asleep.

IV.XXIII

Drove to the shed and worked on six songs. I listened to them afterwards and then drove home, changed my clothes and speedwalked to the bank downtown in about an hour. I walked to Wedge, ordered an Athletic and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked up to the Pump, where Blessed Soul food truck was serving. I ordered a burger w/ fries, baked beans + mac & cheese, told my friends I was tired after eating all that, walked home and fell asleep with my clothes on.

IV.XXIV

I made a cup of coffee and drank it in the back garden, listened to the new Dr. Dog song, put on my rain coat and walked up to Aldi for grapes, citrus, bananas, peas & kidney beans. I walked to Odd's after that, ordered a latte and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked up to the Pump for some El Kimchi and settled on a bulgogi beef burrito. I walked back home and decided it was the best time of day to drive with the top down, so I arrived at Haiku around 630, ordered a Trail Pass and sat on a rock in the sun while people arrived.
   I packed up all the chairs after Open Folk, drove home, made noodles and — wait, no. first, I went to Country Club. I had some friends there, but they were very drunk. I drove over to the Pump as it was closing, chatted with Chad and Loomis for a minute, then popped over to UJ and the Pub, neither of which I enjoyed, so that’s when I went home, made noodles and fell asleep.

IV.XXV

I woke up thinking about how I had the whole day off, so, after charging my phone, I set off for downtown, went to AVL Club, ordered an Americano, sat in the window and wrote in my journal. I had a text from Dulci asking if we were still down to rehearse tonight, which I had forgot to put in my calendar, so I guess I don’t have a day off after all, which is a bummer, but also makes me feel accomplished.

. . .

I sat in the park, drank another coffee, walked back to the west side and watched the Ever-Expanding session from Secret Sounds. I walked up to the Pump, ordered a burrito from El Kimchi and walked to Izzy's for a coffee.
   I had something stuck in my tooth and could not get it out. The coffee shop closed, so I sat by the park and texted Allen to see if he was home and had any floss. He wasn’t, but said his house was unlocked.
   That issue resolved, I went to Malvern Hills and read my book until a fight broke out in the street. I stuck around to deescalate things but left before having to talk to any cops. I went to rehearsal with Wyndham, Dulci, Kevin, Charlie and Alyse until about 10 and started walking home.
   I ran into a drunk Myles, gave him a ride, had an Athletic at the Club, went home and fell asleep.

IV.XXVI

I woke at 8 to a canceled 9AM rehearsal, so I stayed in bed and looked at my phone for four hours until I picked up Cait and went to Mizu. We talked about life and I took her home, where I felt like the weather, rainy and a little bored. I made a third cup of coffee and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove to Ingles for lactose-free chocolate ice cream and then to the Reckard home, where I had dinner with Gary, Fox, Darwin, Zelda and Lucy. Darwin was pushing buttons on the radio while Gary gave me a tour of their new RV and found Fwuit on the airwaves.
   We ate pizza and ice cream until Lucy left for the Grey Eagle and I got a text from rebekah asking if I wanted to join her for a show at AyurPrana, which was amazing. We drove to One Stop after that, realized it wasn’t our scene and went to the Whale instead, where we caught up on how crazy life had been since seeing each other three years earlier.

IV.XXVII

Walked to Kev's house for rehearsal with he and Hannah, and had a nice sit in the park beforehand. We ran through our set list and then swung by my house, Hannah’s house and Chipotle before driving to Columbia for a garden party.
   We played three songs, delayed for rain, hung in the house for a drink, resumed the set, packed our things and headed home. Jackson asked me to tell a story along the way, and I could only think of Holy Ghost breaking down in Placerville, CA.

IV.XXVIII

Woke, drove to the shed and worked or reworked four-five new tunes before driving out to Sylva for my mom’s bday dinner. I bought a box of Cheez-Its on the way home and ate the whole thing in an effort to decompress.

IV.XXIX

Woke to the sounds of the neighbor vacuuming out their car. I went downstairs to escape it, but realized I was out of coffee, so I walked to Kota Kai, the market, Aldi, Odd's and back home, where I sat on the couch and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I got up to do the dishes and had missed a call from Hannah. We made plans to collect my drums at dinner time and so I told her my plan as I was realizing it of walking downtown to make the most of my day off. She too was headed downtown and told me where she would be.
   I went to AVL Club after meeting with her and had a coffee in the park. She picked me up, but I no longer needed my drums since we would be practicing at her house on Wednesday, so we went and got burgers at Olde London Road instead and talked about what dog breeds we would be.
   I took a bath after she dropped me off and walked to the Mashup, where I had good talks with Devon & Troy before heading home and falling asleep.

IV.XXX

Woke, made coffee, drove to Kev's, then the shed. We recorded four songs and then moved an organ back to Kev's house. I went to UJ for a sandwich, Odd's for a latte, home to listen to music and then Kev's for Dulci rehearsal. I swung by Ingles on my way home for grapes and then fell fast asleep.


. . .

V.I

I woke to 27 messages about the tunes we had just recorded. I listened to a Jon Charles Dwyer record under my blanket and then walked to Battle Cat. My main card was declined, so once I had drank most of my coffee, I decided to walk downtown to the bank, where I deposited a hundo bill I had been carrying around for eleven days.
   I went to AVL Club after that, ordered an Americano and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I ordered another coffee, sat in the park, changed my shoes and walked home, unable to decide on anything to eat. I hung at the house for a while and eventually decided to eat a cold Italian from Pizza Mind.
   I drove to rehearsal at Hannah’s house with Melissa and Jackson, then gave Hannah a ride to Ingles. We texted sweetly after that and I listened to a record by Luther somebody; she had sent me a song from it about a cricket.

V.II

What a day. In no particular order, I wrote in my journal and elsewhere. I drank four cups of coffee, set up my VCR, watched Driving Miss Daisy, made a bagel sandwich and never left the house.

V.III

I went on a 9AM walk with Hannah, drove to the shed, honed in on some tunes, drove to the coffee shop, then headed east on I-40. I had a sit at a rest stop to assess why I was feeling so agitated and then drove to Hickory, where we played Under the Sails with Dulci, Charlie, Ryan, Alyse, Wyndham and Kevin, a powerful band.
   I drove home and fell fast asleep.

V.IV

Made a cup of coffee, walked to Aldi, swung by Kota Kai for a sit, walked home, took a bath, made transportation arrangements and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I made a third coffee, went down to Hannah’s, loaded her care in the rain and drove to the Purple Onion. We loaded in, set up, hung in the greenroom, ate dinner and started our set.
   Things sounded amazing to me for about 10 songs, but things slowly started to go wrong and Hannah lost her composure. Things started getting to fast. We packed up and drove home in the rain.
   I couldn’t help but tell Hannah I was there to love her however she needed. She was overwhelmed at first but then said the way she needed was as a friend. She asked if that was okay and I said yes. I apologized for making things difficult. She said I was kind and honest, so she understood. I said she’s pretty awesome, herself.
   I went towards my car and said, “Well, I love ya’.” She said, “I don’t think you mean like ‘I love ya’ bud.’” I said, “No, I don’t.” She said, “Well, I can’t say that back.” I said that was okay and we hugged. I forgot about how she told me not to overthink it if I knew what she meant, and I said I did not; I had been thinking about it a lot.
   I sped home and got in bed. She said she should have instead told me to be kind to myself also. I appreciated the clarification and wanted her to know my desire to be kind, fun and helpful did not come with expectation.
   “I know,” she said. “Thank you.”

the fucking birds went nuts at 4AM and my sleep became erratic.

. . .

There was also the part where I said, “I don’t want to change anything… if you don’t.” that was probably after I said I was okay with being friends.

V.V

I made a coffee, drank it, wrote in my journal and walked up to Kota Kai. Apparently they're closed on Sundays, so I went to Odd's, where both my cards got declined. I transferred money from checking to shares and back again, then took my latte to drink in front of the Brew Pump. I looked so down on my luck that a man asked if I needed a dollar. I said sure.
   I walked past the Ingles egg protesters and down to Hannah’s house at exactly 12:30. we loaded her car and talked very little about the night before. In fact, her asking if I had gotten enough sleep may not have been as directly related to my heartbreak as I assumed it to be.
   We listened to Okonski, stopped at an Ingles Starbucks for coffee and food items. I took over driving and we talked the whole way there until listening to U2 at the very end. We arrived at the neighborhood and did a tour of the art festival due to not knocking on the door hard enough or checking the back yard.
   We re-arrived at the same time as Jackson, set up, ate arepas, played a great set. I started to feel blue towards the end and got a little bombastic at times as a temper tantrum. I moped around in a manner that only my friend’s would recognize, packed up the car, said goodbyes and got on the road with Jackson.
   We talked about quitting alcohol, loving Hannah, music & psychology, stopped at the Saluda Marathon, drove to Asheville in the rain. Hannah and I DMed a surprising amount after that, more than I had intended.

V.VI

I woke at 1130, made a coffee and thought about all my recent choices with shame. I wrote about the ways I regretted interacting with Hannah and the chemical/habitual reasons for it. With the help of a second cup of coffee, it went through 4 new drafts from therapy to cringe love bombing. At least I was doing laundry.
   I also listened to four new Scott demos, wrote to that band, my sister, my mom, Maryclaire.
   I fleshed out my discography, made it the front page of my website, got a call from Hannah about trading off my drums, folded and put away my clothes, walked to Ingles, ate Cheez-Its and talked to Isiah on the way home, made a bagel sandwich, cleaned my bathroom and wrote in my journal.
   I feel relief of the fear of rejection from Hannah, which optimistically translates to less attachment to the outcome of our relationship. I’m still excited to see her though. I realized on my walk home it’s okay to not have monk-like resistance to hits of dopamine, but I may be the man for the job of working toward that goal.

. . .

I made food and hung out on the couch until Hannah arrived. She helped me unload my drums and then offered me some grapes, for which I traded a hop water in return. I thought about watching Babe, but a thunder storm was rolling in, so I watched that instead.

V.VII

I drank a cup of coffee, packed my bag and walked downtown to AVL Club for a second coffee. I was sitting in the park when I heard JB call to me, who was heading to Yacht Club way before they opened.
   We played a game of chess outside AVL Club and were soon joined by Cait. She and I walked down Mushroom Lane, split a pill, went to Mamacita's, the co-op an art store, the parking garage and my house. She was a little unsure about having sex but eventually decided it was a good idea while we listened to Khruangbin.
   She went home while I finished off. I was getting late to pick Alyse up, but also right on time. We went to the shed, ate pizza in the yard, played through the set twice and departed. I went to the Patton Ave. Ingles and then ended up behind Hannah on Haywood.
   I fell asleep texting with her and Cait.

I forgot to mention how I had seen a very fine looking Maddy Rojas while sitting with JB. She was clearly on a date. After Cait left, I noticed I had her number and texted her asking if she’d like to go on one with me, which we scheduled for Thursday.

V.X

woke, made coffee, listened to two Nurse Cat songs and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked to Middlemont for rehearsal with Ryan and Tina, then got a group text from Dulci saying she, Alyse and Becca had been asked to sing w/ Dr. Dog. I walked to Aldi, Izzy's and home while obsessing over my desire to be invited to somehow tag along.
   I listened to night four of the San Francisco album and fell asleep for a couple hours, dreaming of farting around Scott's house with him, Kevin & Leann.
   I made an overly toasted bagel and rotted in bed until it was time to walk to Odd for the Sun Goblin show. I enjoyed watching bands I wouldn’t normally see, but started getting tired ruing their set, especially once Hannah group-texted about the Aurora borealis.
   I couldn’t see it on my cold walk home. I texted her to say as much, and she eventually responded, “I saw it only briefly.”

V.XI

I woke at 7 feeling lonely and depressed. I slept til noon, dreaming of things I need to move to Scott's house. He had said today was a good day for that, but did not respond when I asked about noon.
   I reluctantly made a coffee, started responding to texts from the day before, got back into bed and wrote in my journal.

Today marks 10 weeks of no drinking. I wish I felt more accomplished. I at least have the insight of knowing I would have gotten wasted last night and blamed my low feelings on the alcohol.
   I am loosening my grip on things but it is very painful. I guess I am grateful no one has to watch me be this miserable. I would probably lie to them about how I am feeling and what I did all day — at least two years ago. I told Scott I would just bring stuff on Sunday and went up to the Brew Pump, where I got surrounded by the aggressively boring conversation of Travis, case, Brian and not-boring-but-oddly-softspoken Grant.
   I texted Hannah asking if we could throw the frisbee some time and she said that would be nice and that she would come to the Honeycutters Greagle show, so I finally felt like eating and bathing.
   We ended up walking up to the venue at the same time, ordering food, waiting outside. We had a awkward interaction with some guy, and when he walked away, she said:
   “He broke my friend’s heart. He brought up some stuff in her that she needed to work on, and maybe anyone would have, but he was uniquely suited.”
   “Yeah, that seems to be who we’re attracted to.”
   “I’m sorry…”
   “Oh, I wasn’t trying to be specific.” I was staring up at the tv screen. “That just seems to be going around, or what humans do in general.”
   We ate, sat in the back row, had a great time hollering, were joined by Alyse and loitered around after the show. We tried to find the Aurora Borealis outside afterwards but could not see it. I may have missed an opportunity to kiss her even if she didn’t 100% want me to.
   She gave me a ride to my car. I followed her partway home. I fell asleep.

V.XII

Woke at 930, made coffee, packed drums, drove down to Sierra Nevada, set up and sat in the sun. Ryan was over an hour late so sound check bled into food time. Kim Furstenberg pestered me through my whole meal.
   The set was sloppy due to the Hymanbergs not caring at all. I stared feeling heartbroken towards the break and then got further pestered by Kim, who was grabbing me by the arm and demanding to know me. Melissa had told her I was like a cat, so I swatted and hissed at her and told her she would have to keep trying.
   Second set was a drag, but I loaded out quickly. I drove home, traded vehicles, drove to the shed, unloaded gear and sat around miserable while Kevin and Alyse tracked parts to a horror movie credit song produced by Scott and written by Greg.
   Greg eventually came back with popsicles, and I recorded a sick part on the bomba. We called it a wrap at midnight. I had texted Hannah to see how her day was, but she gave me the bare minimum, truly.
   I drove home, ate cold burrito/popsicle and actually slept soundly.

V.XIII

I woke feeling miserable again, made coffee and wrote in my journal.

It has been nearly three months of believing Hannah and I would be good for each other but accepting that she is not willing to try. Today is not my first time sitting with the reality that she could not give me what I needed even if she was willing to try. Who could? I know I’m not too much, but the whole world seems so unwilling to step outside their fortress. Am I that way? Not with Hannah, I haven't been, but this is a rare moment, and I suppose that’s what love is really created on.

. . .

I drove to Cait’s and recognized she was about four seconds away from having a shitty attitude. We rode to Mizu, had a delicious lunch under the fluorescent lights, listened to Echo and parted ways.
   Before that, I had texted Hanna saying she was important to me; I knew navigating our friendship was difficult but I was proud of us for trying. She agreed and returned the sentiment, said she and Goldie were listening to Cinderella and observing the cats.
   Two hours later, she was wondering if she had missed something. I said no; I had just been struggling lately, and that felt like a way of sharing my feelings without pressuring her to do the same. She said she knew it has been hard on me but didn’t know what to do.
   I quadruple texted her with almost every pent-up feeling and observation of the situation over the past three months. She said she had been thinking about giving me space, that she had been in my position before and went to therapy/Codependents Anonymous over it. She also decided to remind me she might date someone soon.
   I wrung out every last feeling I had, acknowledging that I was entering into the painful acceptance phase as opposed to what I thought we could have, that I had been dating as well.
   She said she couldn’t process any more in the moment and that she would focus on hanging out where we already overlap — like Open Folk and band practice.
   I said I was going to pick up a cute TV/VCR and she agreed it was cute.
   I drove to the SECU on Hendersonville Rd., but the guy said he was reconsidering the price and his wife was taking over the sale. Instead, I drove to Scott's house where he, Kev and I worked on a song until one in the morning.
   I came home and made peas n’ noodles from the Shin ramen I had bought from YZ Market with Cait.

V.XIV

I woke to a dreary day, feeling as unattached as I had since I dumped all my feelings onto Hannah. I thought about walking downtown, but it was rainy and I couldn’t decide on footwear, so I made a coffee and then wrote in my journal.

My major fear/sadness today (while less than most recent days) is not that I will be alone, or that an opportunity for love has been missed, but that the promise of a bond that transcended limitations of mundane logistics will no longer come to fruition; getting together and playing good songs cool may be the best we can do. I may not be allowed to give any more of myself than that.
   So be it. I will hang out with Scott until the early morning exploring what is possible beyond the limits of the rehearsal/gig dynamic that so many of my bands are now limited to.

. . .

I decided a walk was critical, so I head out the door and walked to Battle Cat, where I drank an Americano in the rain and sat between someone who would have never stopped loudly talking about crypto and someone who wanted to talk to me about how enlightened she was for not believing in security.
   I walked downtown, started chewing on a mushroom stem, gave half to a guy who looked like he needed it and sat under a tree in the park.

Before that, as I was about to pass over a bridge, I realized I was feeling no attachment to Hannah, which was nice on its own, but more interestingly, no attachment to anything for the first time in my life. I’m not sure how true that was.

I got up from under the tree and found High-Five coffee. Nothing interested me, so I used the restroom, walked next door to the Vault, ordered a $6 Athletic, put it in my cup and went back to the park. I sat in the sun until my beer was empty and went up to the library. I didn’t like who I had seen working at AVL Club, so I sat on a bench and listened to a schizophrenic girl talk to an imaginary friend about a tear salesman until 5PM.
   I still didn’t like the new AVL Club bartender, so I went to High-Five, ordered a cup of drip and, when I went to use the gift card Cait had given me for my birthday, I realized it was merely a punch card. I went back to the park until my coffee was lukewarm and then headed back west, stopping to pee at the Greagle.
   I went up Riverview Drive and was loudly greeted by a good ol’ boy from his porch. I asked if he wanted a mushroom and he said, “You been dry-land fishin’?” which took me a minute to understand and then said they were psychedelic. He said, “Hell no.” I was paranoid the cops would come get me until I made it to Archetype to pee.
   I walked to the Brew Pump, ordered a burger, and a  song about Where the Wild Things Are was playing, which Hannah had checked out while we were riding down to Columbia, so I sent her a DM saying I hoped her soft opening was fun and easy and that I thought that info was worth reporting.
   I ate my burger, walked home and laid on the couch. I thought about how lonely I was and whether anyone could ever save me from that. Hannah had written back saying work was crazy and asking how the Pump was. I said I was at the house listening to the birds. She asked what they were talking about and I said they thought it was a long day; only the crickets were singing now.
   I wrote a poem about that, hoping she would ask what they were singing about, but she only agreed it was a very long day. I spent hours refining the poem, sending, unsending, refining, etc. I slept hard during the rain and, ate 4AM, decided the first line was too heavy and that she would feel like me sending a poem would be making her process my issue no matter what, so I unsent it again.

V.XV

I woke at nine and decided I would follow an impulse from the previous day: no coffee. It is a radical decision, but after feeling the notion of reduced attachments, I think it will be a worthwhile experiment. Obviously, my attachment to Hannah has returned. I ‘thought’ about her three times last night, spent hours working on a poem and am very curious to see if and what she will text me today regarding Open Folk tonight. The alternative of Dulci rehearsal sounds like a real drag. I am somewhat excited to see what a day of diligently doing nothing brings, however I should also be realistic since I had three cups yesterday and, if a headache approaches, have one delicious cup.

   We tire from hearing the sky full of feelings
   Tweeting them all ain’t too nice
   that’s why we’re quietest during the daylight
   And keep it to one song a night

   Busy with hopping and chirping and perching
   Our friends they have so much to say
   And so we play lonesome songs only by nightfall
   Leaving space for the birds in the day.

. . .

I laid on the couch til 1230, walked down to Kev's let out Charlie, walked up to Haywood, got rained on, went into Izzy's for a 2PM latte, got an idea for a song, walked home and figure out how I could record. I forced a couple things and then started trying to make Erica's Zoom recorder work as a USB interface, but despite working once, there was typically a lot of lag.
   I eventually got frustrated and decided to make food while writing in my journal.

. . .

I dilly dallied until it was time to leave on foot, and started an overly dramatic conflicted text to Hannah, poetic even:

   Hey, how’s your day?
   Are you going to Open Folk tonight?
   I wish I could
   But we are learning Diva tunes at Kevin's.

She texted me one minute later saying she was about to text me about this, but when I said I could get out of rehearsal, she changed her mind.
   I walked back home and drove to rehearsal. I was miserable and Melissa showed up with an annoying look on her face + a distracting vibe. We learned three songs in 2.5 hours and confirmed she had put zero thought into how we would get to our Moon & You gig or where her child would go. I also booked a LaZoom gig.
   When I got home, I told Hannah I would be free for next week, but she was scheduled to work. We talked about how the days at Haiku are numbered and she offered that we could throw frisbee on Friday. I apologized for unloading so many emotions and she appreciated that.
   I see now she wasn’t originally specific about Friday but offered generalized frisbee for a consolation for not overlapping at Open Folk … ai yai yai, her brain. I felt better about life, though. I showed her my HGTR frisbee and fell asleep. 

One of the struggles from practice was the lyrical content of Don’t Speak. It did feel a lot like I was losing my best friend, which I know is a flag for codependency, but it makes me wonder: who is her best friend? She rarely mentions anyone without an eye roll. I’m sure I get one too.

V.XVI

I took a niiiiice nap, got a call from Hannah about scheduling, drove to Olde London Rd., ate a burger special, came home, looked at my phone, ate a popsicle, packed my drums, groomed, drank the tiniest bit of espresso and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove down to Middlemont and laid in a hammock until Ryan came outside. After loading stuff into the Element, he and I rode in the convertible to Spruce Pine. We set up gear in a pocket park; I drank an espresso while waiting for Melissa to arrive.
   It took a while, but I eventually found a Heineken 0. we played two sets, the first on distorted speakers. I drove back to Asheville, got an Athletic from the Country Club, went across the street to Ingles, bought a notebook, got another beer and wrote some lyrics.
   I went home, figured out the web-based DAW BandLab and worked on Make an Album til 2AM.

V.XVII

I woke, looked at my phone, messed around with BandLab on the hog and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked to the bank, got a $100 bill for the basement and sat in the park. I walked back west and sat at Battle Cat with an Americano for ages. I walked home and then drove to Hannah’s house. We ate chicken tendies, then walked to Dobra for boba + snacks.
   We swung by a plant library for a tomato start, went back to her house and threw the frisbee for 10 minutes. I drove to Middlemont, where we (Ryan, Melissa, Dulci and Max) rehearsed for a couple hours and then drove home.
   I asked Hannah how her cake had turned out and apparently she had botched the icing. I was slightly surprised when she agreed to let me trade a fresh box delivery for an XLR cable. I also got her grapes + Cheez-Its, grapes and peas for myself.
   We hung in the kitchen and on the stoop with her roommate. I realize now how calculated that may have been, but she is always over there. I went home, checked my new mic setup and soon went to bed.

V.XVIII

I slept a little late for my date with Maddy and so hoofed it straight downtown. She was at a plant sale where Gary/Juan used to work, so I met her there. We walked to themed, reserved a table, went to Malaprop's, slightly awkwardly, then back to themed.
   We had a fun & yummy brunch, then walked to her apartment to drop off her leftovers. She had me wait in the yard. I said I had about an hour left to kill but couldn’t think of anything to do. I was surprised and delighted when she suggested a walk to West Asheville.
   We walked to my house with a stop at the Bottle Shop for a fruited sour and a pee break at the Grey Eagle. We hung in the back garden where she declined my invitation to make out. I drove her home, went to Ryan's, then to the Wag Bar.
   I went to the Ether Jam after that, then home, where I chatted with Maddy and Hannah. I fell asleep just before midnight.


V.XIX

I woke, ate a banana, took trash out of my room and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I am enjoying the familiarity of Maddy, like how she knows Cait, sunny and Erica. She seems to have grown a lot since I last knew her. The fact that I am unsure about what I want to do with myself today is combining strangely with the idea that she wants to hang out, the impending rain and a fear of straying from Hannah.

. . .

I started to walk downtown and she invited me to her house. I said hi to Sierra and got a double espresso, then went to High-Five and ran into Jacob. Maddy and I sat on the floor and talked about our traumas until we decided to eat some Five Points.
   We stopped by her house and decided to do creative things at my house. We stopped at the Montford for the view, but the service was not happening, so we left. We walked in the rain to the Brew Pump, where she got a tallboy and I got a six-pack of Trail Pass.
   We came to the house, listened to music for a while, kissed a little and then walked back to the pump, sat on the swing. We listened to drunken stories from Tim, came home, made a zine, ate peas n’ noodles, watched Disney's Robin Hood, laid down in the master bedroom and had sex.

V.XX

We woke, got dressed, ate popsicles and rode to Maddy's house. I drove to Aldi after that for peas & grapes, went home and actually started working on Travis’ keyboards.
   I got the schematics mostly finished, ate a banana and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I did nothing but work on PCBs all day. I accomplished a lot and fell asleep by early nightfall.

V.XXI

I woke, routed a JST, incorporated a couple edge cuts, put the files in a public repo and sent a message to Travis. I walked to Aldi, then Izzy's, then Odd's after sitting in front of the library.
   I got a call from Cait, wanting a ride to the store. I realized after hanging up she must be drunk. I drank a Trail Pass on her porch, ate some mushies and some burnt nuggets.
   We eventually picked up a Barbie friend from the library and checked out the river spot by the nature center. Cait did not last long, ordered ramen for us and we headed home. We ate it with a surprise visit from Elena and then cuddled for 15 minutes.
   I went to Kev's house, where we worked on Pink Pony Club, Ariana Grande, Cranberries x2 and Golden Girls. I drove home and felt dirty/tired. I probably fell asleep kinda early and had really cool dreams.

V.XXII

I ate some fruit, walked downtown, got a coffee from High-Five, drank it in the park, repeated, walked the wrong way to Wasabi, saw Eden, who suggested we get a beer, ate two sushi rolls, had a pee at the Greagle, an Athletic at Wedge, got offered an apple by my new friend James at the bust stop who had enthusiastically declined my mushroom offer, went to Country Club, ordered an athletic, drank some w/ Jesse, walked to the Pump until Brian and Travis started boring me, walked home, started making peas + noodles and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I went to the first half of Open Folk and Ingles for grapes & popsicles. I took a bath and was delighted to have a text from Hannah. I slept hard.

V.XXIII

I woke and was looking at videos on my phone when a cat came up to my room. I followed it downstairs, made a cup of coffee, put some gas in the car and drove to the Wolf Laurel community center for a 19” TV/VCR combo. The drive and community were beautiful.
   I stopped at a cool-looking gas station on the way out and got a sausage biscuit with my last $5. I drove home, watched Mystic Pizza, made some noodles, texted w/ Maddy, Hannah, Cait, Lucy and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I watched Speed and a little bit of a Peter Rabbit movie after talking to Maddy on the phone.

V.XXIV

I woke, drank a cup of coffee and drove to Maddy's work. We went to the arboretum, did a good bit of hiking and then shared a beet pizza at Pizza Mind.
   We had drinks at Botiwalla, went to Ingles & the market, back home, had sex and watched You’ve Got Mail. I drove her home after that, got a cortado from All Day Darling, swung by the Brew Pump, realized Lamont should host a chess tournament, went home, ate some noodles, realized it was time to go to the airport, picked up Erica, ate more noodles, watched half of Jurassic Park, a little bit of Austin Powers and fell asleep.

V.XXV

I woke, made my bed, packed up my drums, made a cup of coffee and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I picked up Maddy and we drove to the Carl Sandberg house in Flat Rock, walked some trails, wrote some notes, pet some goats. We had brunch at a fancy place nearby, she Benedict and me a burger, shared — Campfire Grill.
   We drove to Saluda after that and had a great time meeting people in various galleries, eventually playing Scrabble at the Saluda Inn, having a beer at the hidden little tavern, ice cream in the garden.
   Melissa and she became besties immediately. We shared a salmon special and the band played a very fun set. We drove to the Walmart in Hendo where Maddy bought a Crosley and then zipped back up to Asheville listening to ABBA. I was getting a little cranky from driving.
   We had sex and went to sleep on her two twin mattresses, side by side. I didn’t have enough blanket and was falling into the crack.

V.XXVI

I left around 745, got a coffee from Battle Cat — a latte — drove home, drank it in bed, walked to Aldi feeling kind of nauseated. I napped until Wyndham arrived and then had an awkward exchange with him and Erica.
   I drank another coffee, drove to the Bojangles off exit 55, ate a Cajun filet sandwich combo and then drank a Heineken 0 at the Root Bar. I drove to the Monte Vista Hotel where my new bestie Chris, Taylor Watkins and I set up in a dining room and rocked out hard for Taylor's friends and one enthusiastic older couple. I ate a burger from the buffet.
   I should have gone to the Town Pump or maybe to Matt & Morgan’s dinosaur party w/ Cait. Instead, I went to Maddy's house where a punk jumped all over me, grabbing my neck, poking my belly button, putting her hands down my pants and demanding affirmations. We did have a nice walk to Harris Teeter for Cheez-Its.
   I left around 1230, came home, got in bed and enjoyed the rain.

V.XXVII

I slept til nearly 11, made a cup of coffee, listened to Erica talk about her various flutes and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I laid in bed for a long time and eventually drove to Goodwill, where I purchased Mission Impossible, Vanilla Sky, and Autumn in New York. I drove home and walked up to Kota Kai, where I thumbed through a National Geographic while drinking a coffee.
   I went to Orbit and bought The Color Purple, Fallen, Pretty Woman, Conspiracy Theory and Top Dog. Hannah texted me saying she had tried eating only fruit, that she enjoyed it and was contemplating a walk, so I went down to her house, heard the tale about being caught in a storm while paddle boarding. We walked up to UJ, the Hop and parted ways. I walked home, tried to put on The Color Purple, couldn’t compete with my neighbor mowing the lawn, and so wrote in my journal.

. . .

I watched that and some of Manhattan. I think I fell asleep pretty early.

V.XXVIII

I woke to a wren in one of my clementine boxes. I set off for downtown but noticed the coffee shop where Urban Orchard used to be had opened up, so I had two there, walked back to Ingles, met Lucy, hung at the house for a few, then drove to Tunnel Rd. for joann’s, Goodwill & Michaels.
   I dropped her off at her car, drove to OLR, talked to Cait on the phone, ate a burger, chatted with Grant, drove home and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked to the Brew Pump, stopped by Cait’s, walked down to Middlemont, set up my drums, hung in the hammocks w/ Ry, moved the drums to the porch and had rehearsal with he and Hannah.
   I rode with her up to Ingles, bought Cheez-Its, carried her TP and walked home, where I finished the box, ate a few grapes and fell asleep.

V.XXIX

I woke a few minutes before my 9:00 alarm, played Wordle, looked at Instagram, laid in my cocoon and eventually made a cup of coffee after packing up my rug and fancy blue shirt. I also wrote in my journal.

. . .

at noon, I drove down to Cait’s house. We set off for Bent Creek, but I was stricken with the idea of checking out Ross Farm. Cait agreed with the idea, so I turned this car around.
   The farm was truly amazing, several greenhouses full of all kinds of plants and even a couple ponds with ducks. I forgot to mention how we had first gone to Izzy's.
   We dropped off our plants — I had bought a fern, — and drove to Mamacita's. We went to Sow True Seed and ACE Hardware after that, rearranged her patio furniture and parted ways.
   I drove to Ryan's house, where we met up with Tina, packed her car and drove to the Statesville jail. We loaded in, sound checked, walk to the trude fuck (pizza) played a very exposed set, ate way too many snacks, packed up and drove back to Asheville while listening to Tina's first album (her as a child singing into a tape recorder.)
   I moved the drums back to the Mini and sped home.

V.XXX

I woke, walked downtown, got a coffee from High-Five, walked to Bold Rock, got a burger w/ Maddy, went to Books + News, bought a zine about Home Alone, went to the other High-Five, hung in Maddy's front yard, walked back downtown to her work and started heading back west.
   I texted Hannah when I was near the Greagle to see what she was up to, and we quickly made plans to hang out in RAD while she roller bladed. I got an Athletic from Wedge, jumped the fence by the hotels, met her by the dock. We went up and down the greenway, swung by her house for her laptop, went to Whale for a couple NAs + fries while she did some work for LaZoom.
   We hugged by her car at DeSoto. She drove to Taco Billy and I walked home. Alyse asked me if I could let out Charlie the Dog, so I started walking down there and found a 13” TV/VCR on Olney.
   I ran home, grabbed the car, picked up the tv, drove to Hendrix, let out Charlie, took Cait a donut, grabbed my fern, drove home and watched the remainder of Manhattan on my new tv.

V.XXXI

I woke and calibrated my new universal remote between Trains of Canada on the Panasonic and Top Dog on the JVC. Hannah asked if I could wait for a PA delivery at her house, so I started walking that way. She said I didn't need to be there til 1130, so I headed to Kota Kai.
   The PA was delivered before she left, so I walked to Aldi for grapes/bananas, went to Orbit, bought a Rugrats tape, went home, drove to Habitat Restore, bought two more tapes + a wooden box.
   I drove home, made peas + noodles, watched an episode of Rugrats, took a bath, watched another and started walking to Middlemont. Someone hollered at me from UJ; Hannah was outside eating with her sister and two friends. We chatted. I walked to rehearsal with Ryan, Melissa, Dulci, Sarah.
   Hannah arrived, tended to Max, put him to sleep and walked the dogs. She gave me a ride to Brew Pump, where I correctly guessed Maddy was waiting. We chatted with JB & Grant, walked home, watched Fern Gully ate noodles and fell asleep.

VI.I

woke at 630, drove Maddy to the airport, went home for a minute, drove to Hannah’s, packed her car, got lattes from Starbucks, drove to Statesville where she hosted a round of songwriters w/ Dulci, Laura and Karla Causey. Dulci’s parents showed up to surprise.
   We walked around the park, got food truck coffee, watched a bit of Isaac Hickerson, drove to Chipotle, ate, drove to Elkin, walked around the Trail Days festival, put our gear on the stage, set up, sound checked, played to no one, ate Mexican food and drove home while she DJed.
   We unloaded the car, hugged sweetly, parted ways. I went straight to bed and dreamed of hanging in-and-outside of churches with PJ, John & Paul.

VI.II

woke at 9ish and watched Trials of Life while drinking three coffees and writing in my journal. . .I watched The Point while posting to IG about Vibes in the Valley and eating my leftover burrito. I also ordered the Fox dub of Totoro from Ebay for $21 w/ shipping and started cooking some noodles.

. . .

I drove to the shed where we worked on the Orange Peel set, which ended up being Mountain Lion, Say Man wrapped inside O’ Constellation followed by the cool bridge with a spoken word story over it, The Humble Passenger.
   I went home and fell asleep without even turning on the light.

VI.III

I woke early, walked downtown thinking about what a liar I was. I got two coffees from High-Five and drank them in the park. I walked home, printed set lists, went to the market, ate a breakfast burrito under the tree and walked down to Kev's.
   We had rehearsal with him, Evan and Hannah. She and I got burgers from OLR. She worked on her computer while I drank two NA Guinness. We parted ways after that and I looked at my phone until I fell asleep.

VI.IV

woke at 9 and went to Kota Kai. Hannah met me there and we walked to Ingles, Battle Cat, Taco Billy, Harvest and the Bottle Shop, hanging flyers along the way.
   I drank my fruited NA sour in front of a church, posted to Instagram, went to Aldi for fruit and walked home just in time to not get rained on, all the while thinking about World of Warcraft. I took a nap, ate some grapes and struggled to decide what to do next, so I wrote in my journal.

The biggest deterrent from playing is the $15, but I’ll probably spend it on food otherwise. I guess I’m hoping someone will reach out to me. I don’t really feel like eating alone. A walk seems nice as usual, but nothing has fully motivated me.
   Noodles, weed and grinding in a tunnel seem like a fun option, very fun, but doing nothing and fasting might be the better move. I think there are feelings creeping in I should sit with.

. . .

I eventually did set up my laptop, renew my WoW subscription and take one lap through the tunnel on my warrior. I signed off, laid on the bed. This was after I had made some food.
   When it started getting dark, I watched Vanilla Sky. I texted Hannah to ask how her head was doing. We had small conversation, and, eventually, at midnight, she thanked me for checking on her and asked if I was alright too. I spent 40 minutes in bed thinking of the perfect response. I didn’t want to make her deal with my loneliness, but didn’t want to seem like I wasn't thinking about her.
   I said, “Yes. I’m glad we can look out for each other.”

VI.V

I woke around 9, procrastinated on responding to Taylor Watkins. After I responded to a group thread about practice, Hannah liked my message. Erica left at 10 and I made a cup of coffee, wrote in my journal. I’m feeling very lonely indeed.

. . .

I dealt with more seemingly urgent scheduling conflicts and drove down to Middlemont for rehearsal with Ryan, Melissa, Hannah & Max. We sat around and drank coffee for a bit afterwards, then parted ways.
   Hannah knew I was feeling weird because she immediately texted asking if she had done something to make things weird.
   I said I had been feeling lonely and sad the last couple days.
   She said, “I’m sorry :(“ and started sending lots of reels. I made some plain noodles and started to feel better. I said, “Noodles and reels helped. I know everything I have is enough and I never want to make my insecurities your problem.”
   Frustratingly, she said, “Okay”
   I drove to the shed where we had a fun run-through and started packing up. It occurred to me that maybe I had been an asshole. It didn’t seem likely since she had been sending me memes, but I texted saying, “Wait, I hope I didn’t do something rude or hurtful.”
   She said, “You didn’t! I am stressed today too and I am not managing it well
   You have been nothing but amazing”
   I said, “Okay you too”
   We drove to the Orange Peel, loaded in and started sound checking. Hannah texted me saying she had been cut from work, so I put her on the list. We met on the sidewalk, walked to Mamacita's, returned to the sidewalk and ate messily. Alyse walked up, so they went around to the front and me down to the basement. We played a very fun and improvisational set. I hugged Hannah afterwards and said hey to Ryan as well.
   I realized my rug and throne had gone into the van, so I found Scott and walked with him like four blocks to my car. I took a moment to appreciate how wonderfully surreal that is.
   We waited around for pizza that never came and, once the show was over, parted ways. I fell asleep and dreamt of hanging with reckless girls.

VI.VI

today marks the release of the Cheez-It Crunchwrap. I woke, drank a coffee, texted Hannah saying to holler if she wanted a walky, went back to bed, loaded drums into my car, ate a banana and wrote in my journal. . .At 1130, I drove down to the Greagle and loaded in my drums. I drove home, laid on the bed, looked at my phone, wrote in my journal and made a cup of coffee.

. . .

we played a fun show at the Greagle after a thorough sound check with Ménage, Amanda and The Moon & You. I didn’t invite any friends and there was something nice about the lack of pressure to talk to anyone. I did wish Hannah was there, though, and felt a bit lonely about it.
   I drove home with the top down and went to sleep.
   This must have been the day that my VHS copy of Totoro arrived; I watched most of it.

VI.VII

I woke and made an upstairs espresso. Erica came up and needed me to move the car. I made a downstairs coffee after that and drove to the shed where we worked on What About Now, Ace in the Hole, Say Man, Lucy and All My Friends.
   We talked about Clay and loitered for a while. I drove to UJ, ordered food for Hannah & myself, ate a little bit at Weirdo Central so as not to be early, went to Hannah’s, ate more, loaded her car and drove to Statesville. We pulled into town right behind Kevin, who decided to take a nap in his car.
   We found a coffee shop and both got caffeine + sweet treats, then went to the stage area, where we set up and checked sounds. Melissa was late due to a flat tire, and Fursty never showed, mainly bc he needed the help of AAA to put on the spare.    We ate weird “Asian” food and played a very good set to an enthusiastic crowd. The gang was very sad though because it sounds like her difficulties with Ryan are rather serious.
   We packed up the cars and drove home. Hannah and I talked the whole way about therapy, addiction, generational trauma, The Bee Hunter, stopping at two different TIngles for grapes, hop water, bananas, Cheez-Its, etc. She told me with that tremble in her voice that I had made her day so much easier. I told her that she had made mine more fun. She said she had never been accused of being fun before, and I said she allows everyone in the room to feel okay about not embarrassing themselves, which she agreed with, which I pointed out increases the overall level of fun.
   We also told the other we thought they were brave.

VI.VIII

I woke, drank two coffees in the hammock, took a filthy bath, trimmed my face and flossed. I watched some more Totoro and drove to Pisgah, filling the gas tank nearby. I arrived right behind Scott and started setting up the stage. Sound check was long and curmudgeonly.
   Scott watched baby Wes while the Honeycutters checked. Then Hannah arrived and we had more of a rehearsal than a check.
   I ate a million sandwiches and drank a thousand hop waters, said hello to some of Hannah’s friends, played a pretty good set with her, Evan & Kevin, then hung w/ Gary and Fox. I helped Hannah w/ Wes, including sweetly checking her hair for a bug.
   We played an action-packed Ever-Expanding set with Scott, but I wondered the whole time if my playing sounded insecure or erratic.
   The clips I saw do not indicate that. For an encore, we jammed on “If you can’t stand it, sit down,” Say Man and Mountain Dew.
   The post-set pizza was lovely, as was the company and weather all day long. I am truly blessed and tried to keep that in mind. I drove home and went to sleep without turning any lights on.

VI.IX

woke feeling depressed, lonely. I wanted to reach out to Hannah for a walk/hang, but felt like it was coming from a place of fear. I finished Totoro while charging my phone, cleaned my bed & bath and walked to Kota Kai, but they were closed, so I went to Izzy's, got a cup of dark roast, sat on the porch and wrote in my journal.

I feel better after writing so much. I fear that nothing has changed as far as Hannah’s feelings for me despite feeling closer than ever over two long and meaningful days together.
   I suspect she is working, but her briefness of correspondence last night and lack of reels today makes me feel like she knows what I feel; or perhaps it is just her cycle of feeling tired and reclusive due to fear of closeness.
   I walked to Odd’s and got a latte. It’s possible that the sad reality I don’t want to admit is simply her not thinking about me nearly as much as I think about her, which is something I am presently putting Maddy through.

. . .

I walked home, finished Totoro and walked won to Hendrix, where we filmed performances of Take it Easy, More Than You Can Take and Out of My Head. We talked about rehearsing afterwards, but decided against it. I drove to the Pump and listened to Tawny + Drew, then Allen + Alisha rabble on.
   I went home and tried to watch Autumn in New York, but something about it was just not good. I fell asleep puttering on my phone.

VI.X

I woke and went to a B-Sides photo shoot at Silverball. Juan got me a sandwich, which I ate as we were wrapping up. I swung by YZ Market for noodles and Aldi for grapes, then took a little nap.
   I eventually walked up to Kota Kai, where I drank a coffee, received a text from Cait about a lunch hike and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I walked home, drove my car to Cait’s. We planned ongoing to Haywood Commons but switched to Botiwalla. We drove up Town Mountain with the top down, had a nice hike, went back to the west side, got coffees at Battle Cat, swung by the Brew Pump for cigs and a very brief hang and then went back to her house so we could gather her belongings and give me some mushrooms.
   I went to Blue Ridge Ave after that for a little rehearsal with Scott & Joe Carrol. It was wild. I drove home, texted with Hannah and fell asleep.

VI.XI

I woke and left the house at 10:13. I drank two coffees in the park and walked to RAD Brewing, where I had an NA from Brooklyn Brewing. I went to Ingles for a bag of pretzel crisps and ate them in bed, taking a short nap.
   At 5:40, I went to The Odd, ate a cheese steak and walked down to Hendrix. We had a photo shoot and rehearsal with Hannah, then she and I drove to her house and took a walk. I stopped by the Country Club on my way home and slept soundly.

VI.XII

I drank coffee in the hammock until Cait texted me, hinting that she needed a ride to her car. I drove her to One World, then took myself to Kota Kai and Orbit, where I bought The Big Hit & Romeo Must Die.
   I went home and watched most of Romeo, then went to Country Club for a beer w/ Jesse. I walked straight to Mamacita's, had a sit in the park, drank a latte outside of AVL Club, ran into Wyndham busking, then Ryan outside of the civic center.
   We waited for Melissa, then watched a great Khruangbin set. I loitered around after, seeing who I saw (Sarah, Juan, Josh, Wende, Aaron, Beau, Jacob, Logan, Hilary, Abby, Emily and others.)
   I went to Double Crown, said hi to Pruett, Phil, Scott, then walked to Country Club, then the Pub! I listened to Loomis talk about squirrels and had an awkward hello w/ Eden plus a usual interaction w/ Holly. I went home & fell asleep.

VI.XIII

I slept late, drove to Liberty House, drank a coffee, met Maddy, walked to All Day Darling, had a big breakfast, walked back to my car, drove home, finished Romeo Must Die, got dressed and drove to Saluda. 
   Charlie was already there. I set up my gear, ordered an Athletic, sound checked, ate pizza in the greenroom, played a great set w/ Dulci, packed up, drove home with the top down and fell asleep.

VI.XIV

I woke at 930, drank a coffee in the hammock, took a bath, discovered Art Lown, walked to Kota Kai, ordered an iced latte and wrote in my journal. The pen I had purchased with this journal died.

. . .

I went to Aldi, then Izzy's. I went home, watched the end of Austin Powers, got dressed, made a battle plan, went to UJ, took food to Hannah, packed the car, drove to Brevard, set up, played a few songs, got rained out, drove to a party, went back to Hannah’s, unloaded and parted ways. I stayed up all night. 

. . .

I woke early, drank a coffee-and-a-half in the hammock, came upstairs and typed out four-and-a-half days worth of journal entries while trying to optimize my text editor… I had to revert back to plain text and fiddle with some custom printer margins, but I was finally able to print some pages to insert into my journal after dreaming about it for possibly a couple weeks. I think I should probably manually cut pages where they end with scissors in order to more easily transition between printed and hand-written entries.
   Or, maybe I could even just print over hand-written entries. It might look a little crazy, but I would end up with a nice heft and consistency.

. . .

I walked to Kota Kai, considering an iced latte, but checked my walk time to Hendrix while in line, and didn’t have time, so I went across the street to the Brew Pump, bought a six-pack of Trail Pass, walked down to Kev and Alyse’s and sat on the porch while they and Dulci partied inside.
   We loaded up the VW including Charlie the dog and drove down the mountain to Old Fort, where they had rented a pool using the app Swimply. We stocked the bar with seltzers, beers, sandwiches, fruit, tamales loaded up Jason’s playlist and started to swim. Ryan, Melissa and Max arrived at the same time, and we were soon joined by Steve, Marissa, their friend Sarah, Scott, his cousin Charlie, Leann, Evan, Amanda, Tuvi and Wes.
   We swam in the pool until 6PM and had a great time, packed our remaining belongings, got gas and drove up the mountain. Kev dropped me off at my house, where I changed clothes, got in the Mini and drove downtown to the Lazoom Room. I hung in the lot with Ether Scott while waiting for parking, loaded in my drums, set them up and walked to Asheville Club for a latte and an Americano. The drum circle was happening in Pritchard Park and downtown was very busy. I walked down Church Street, back to the venue where I drank my latte in the open window.
   We watched two lousy comedians, got into our black skin suits and made noises while Joe Carrol told some captivating stories, prompted by the word “cat.” I got out of my suit, packed up my drums, put them in the Mini and drove home with the top down. Despite liking how my words looked the way they were printed, I tried several other methods, mainly due to wanting to be able to see when I had filled up a page, and also wanting to be able to center, bold, etc.
   In other words, I typed in my journal and tweaked settings in the Mac Text editor (which I gave up on mainly due to it not being connected to the printer,) Google Docs (which doesn’t let you set a custom page size,) and LibreOffice Writer, which took some poking around, but I think I found a format and workflow I am happy with. I’m sure it will continue to evolve for a long while. My ultimate goal is to have something I’m totally happy with by the time I start my next journal.
—VI.XXII

I woke and played Wordle with blurry eyes, Edict in four. Hannah sent me a reel of a cat with a majestically fluffy tail and I had an appropriate one saved up with which to respond. She reacted with a laughing emoji but did not respond to my final texts from the day before, not that any response is necessary, especially between her sister’s bachelorette party and wedding.
   Ryan texted me at 10:50 asking if I wanted to bat book at 2. I said sure and walked up to Kota Kai, where I drank a cup of drip in the window and scrolled around Amazon looking at journals that would be close to 4x6 in size. I had planned on continuing to Aldi, but it was hot and I was tired. Instead, I walked home, sat at my computer and wrote in my journal.
   Hannah texted me at noon with the Visible referral, asked how the pool hang went and gave a brief update about the girl house, which made me feel good. I told her about the people and vittles of the pool party and went back to figuring out the best way to incorporate emdashes into LibreOffice Writer.

I’m not going to lie; I want to fill a whole page while I sit here because it is still so fun to print out entries and see them stuck into my journal. Plus, now I even have the use of bold and emdashes figured out, so here you have it, a full page!
. . .

At noon, I had texted Ryan, “Gwan give me a ride or should I drive?” He had not texted me by 1:06, so I decided to drive. I did about 10 laps around Battery Park before finding a spot, then unloaded the Fursty kit, paid for parking, set up, got a latte from Summit, waited for Fursty, played our first set, paid for more parking and played the second set.
   I sat with my spine along the edge of the open door to the patio, played with mostly hot rods and thought about nothing. Hannah texted saying, “We are staying just til Sunday and then on Monday I have a few days of work before everything starts on Thursday!”
   I said, “Ohhhhhh I thought the wedding was today!” and sent a picture of Ryan and I. He said, “Who you sending that to?” and I said, “I dunno!”
   I packed up swiftly after the gig and walked to Burgerworx, where they were training a brand new employee. I was patient with him not wanting to ask me anything, but I could not tolerate the price, $26.98 for a double smash burger with two slices of cheese, fries and a GuinNA.
   I ate that, drove to High Five by the river, ordered another latte and drank it in front of the school under a tree. I was joined by Charlie the Human. We sat cross-legged and talked about the Greensboro show until Juan arrived. We had a rust-busting rehearsal during which I received a text from Scott:
   “Good day man! I hope this finds you well. A thought came to me and i wanted to run something by ya- we are heading to connecticut next thursday and coming back monday. Does any part of you find the motion of house/pet sitting at our place for those days? With payment involved too? No sweat if not, totally understand! Just wanted to run that prospect by you before we booked pur pet sitting peeps in case that sounded fun to you. Either way good vibes to ya!”
   I agreed, of course, finished rehearsal, said goodbye to Charlie & Juan, drove to Ingles, bought two bananas, a can of peas, grape juice, grape popsicles and grapes. I drove home, pulled the truck forward, parked the Mini behind it and wrote in my journal. The neighbors at the top of the street are having a party, possibly their biggest since I’ve lived here, and it sounds like there’s a live band playing. I just may check it out.

I grabbed a popsicle and walked out of the house. If the gate had been open, I would have checked it out for sure, but something about having to go through the house was a dealbreaker. That’s something I’ve been noticing about myself a lot lately; I will avoid getting into a house or car unnecessarily at all reasonable costs when the weather is nice. Perhaps this is why the Brew Pump is my favorite bar ever———no need to go inside ever, not even to pee. I think I will go there instead. If I write one more sentence, I can print this page too!
. . .

When I walked into the Brew Pump, I saw Jackie, Amy, Annabelle and Eden sitting at the first table. Casey was at the second, flipping me off. He offered for me to sit, which I did, and suggested I get a beer, so I went inside and bought a six-pack of Athletic IPA.
   The girls were leaving by the time I went back outside. I sat down with Casey and realized he was very drunk. He eventually followed the girls across the street to the Pub, and I was left with JB, Chad, Fuckchop and Drunk Rob. JB left for tacos. Fuckchop went home to drink more cheaply. I observed to Chad that the place was dead. “Maybe I’ll sit out front with Lamont and see if anything happens,” I said.
   Holly was calling the cops on a lady. I sat there listening to reggea and hip-hop coming from Lamont’s bike. Jackie and Annabelle joined us for a bit, then Grant, then Cam, who said he had been to two graduation parties. “That must have been what was going on on my street,” I said.
   Lamont rode his bicycle away and Cam wandered back around the corner. Grant was leaving, too, and after letting him compliment my chin for a third time, I walked toward home. When I turned onto my street, I realized there was a side gate open to the party, just not at an angle I could have ever noticed walking up from my house.
   I went inside, ate a few grapes, recycled my two Athletics, replaced the liner from the trash I had taken out earlier, took off my bag and hat, hung them on the side of my door, sat at my computer, smoked a bowl, put on some Piper Oz the Hound and wrote in my journal.

I am very happy to be writing more verbosely at a computer, and I have had some ideas about how to do more of it. One idea is to go through A Good Visit and rewrite/reformat it for 4x6, then find a random book to paste the story inside of.
   Obviously, another idea would be to start writing something new. I forgot to mention earlier I had purchased two notebooks from Ingles. One was too small for labels, but one has a hard cover, spiral binding and perforated pages. It could be really fun to prototype/iterate a story that way. Of course that could work with a donor paperback as well. It might even be extra cool to have random pages ripped out.
   A third idea is go through and type up old journals. The slightly fictionalized ones I temporarily published might be a good candiate for that, if they aren’t too boring . . . A quick glance makes them and the idea seem boring.
   One thing I know for sure is I would like to get through this journal as quickly as possible so that I can start a new one. I do trust the process, though. I think writing for no one, for now, is my best bet. I am on a roll because this method truly combines the best elements of typing and writing by hand.
   Also, the notorious dots stolen from Mr. Vonnegut do their job better than ever. As always, they indicate how much writing was labored over in a sitting. But in this case, they indicate, while still typing, how far back an edit may go, which could also be subconsciously interesting information upon reading.
   What I’m trying to say is that this process may really encourage some healthy freewriting. I shouldn’t think too much about what I can extract from that, but I would certainly be open to the opportunity of a spinoff project. Conversely, being able to re-combine my journals and my freewriting after a short attempt of trying both months ago is very exiting. That process failed because, as I may have said earlier (or perhaps only in my excited text to Hannah,) having writing live on a computer only is just not exciting for me.
   Said text: “This morning I realized I can print journal entries on my label printer and stick them into my journal so I can keep a consistent format whether I'm writing by hand or typing, both of which are great; I just hate that my hand cramps up if I have a lot to write or that they don't end up in the book if I switch to a keyboard. I can even write them out first and stick the label on top so my next one is gonna be fully printed... so stoked”
   What I should do is print out the entries that only live on GitHub! Unlike the fictionalized sobriety tales, the GitHub ones have never existed in print. I would be very curious to read about that not-so-long-ago time of my life. If I remember correctly, it is mostly about playing World of Warcraft and music with Scott McMicken.

. . .

I copied the contents of my GitHub journal into LibreOffice Writer, formatted them into 4x6 format, printed 51 pages, smoked more weed, pasted pages into the notebook I had bought, sat on the bed, read them all and, at 2:30, wrote in my journal.

That was indeed a very interesting time of my life. It’s almost as if the motivation I had to work on keyboard and technical things during the day was a compensation to make up for the time lost while drinking and hungover.
   A logical way to fill the rest of the pages of that journal would be to transcribe the beginning of my next journal, but something about that seems inauthentic or maybe just unfun. Those entries already exist in physical form. It seems to imply the project is for someone other than me. A compromise would be to go back to the idea of printing the slightly fictionalized entries, but the original accounts of those days are in the very same journal. What should fill those pages?
   I ate some grapes, laid in bed and eventually realized I couldn’t argue with sleep.


VI.XXIII——

I woke around eight, went downstairs, made a cup of coffee and talked to Erica about my upcoming week. I went back up, used the restroom, printed and cleaned up my journal crafting mess from the day before. I got dressed and, at 10:47, left the house and drove to Highland Brewing.
   I set my drums up and sat against a pillar at the back of the outdoor stage. After Ryan had arrived and set up his things, he decided to go to the nearby Starbucks, so I put in an order for a latte, “Tall hot whole.” We checked sounds once he returned, and then he disappeared again to get food for Melissa and himself. I continued to just sit on the stage.
   Ryan and Tina checked out the craft tents while Melissa put some paint on the barn. Still, I sat. At 12:50, I walked slowly to the bathroom, then the bar, ordered an Athletic, walked back to the stage and played the first set. I still had half a beer, so I returned to my spot on the stage and sat some more.
   We played our second set. Then, I went for a second Athletic and a Blunt pretzel. Rob the pretzel man gave me one for free because I was in the band. I thanked him and asked if he knew Lucy, told him to tell her Ross says hello. I sat with Tina’s friends and the band in the shade near the stage and ate my pretzel w/ mustard but did not say much.
   We played our third set, rocked out on the Angel Olsen finale. I packed up my drums, got a third Athletic and said my goodbyes, announcing that I was off to the beach. I got paid, drove home, unloaded my drums, laid on the bed for five seconds and decided I would leave first thing in the morning. I looked at my phone for a few minutes, finished my grapes, set out a laundry basket, threw my pants in it and wrote in my journal. 

. . .

I napped for at least two hours, made noodles + peas and looked at my phone.

I am missing Hannah very much but don’t think I should tell her so. Instead, I sent her a reel. If she reacts to it, I may ask what she’s up to. I’m guessing she’s at home with her cats being lazy just like me. Part of me fears she’s hanging out with someone else. I know I shouldn’t be strategizing so much. Driving to the beach would have been a good way to escape this mind trap, but I was obviously so very tired.
   I am excited to ride Lazoom with her on Monday, but also realizing we don’t have an out-of-town opportunity to carpool anywhere together until Rare Bird Farm in September, which is worth being sad about no matter what becomes of our relationship. 
   That has been one of my favorite things to do ———something inherently fragile in it. Hopefully we can do more of it next year, but it is probably dependent upon what life looks like. Maybe I’m wrong about that. Maybe it’s a love language we can share no matter who we’re with in the future. I still hope we will be with each other.
   I am ready for darkness to fall. I just want to lay in bed.

I did it. I made it to the darkness. I haven’t had a drink in 113 days or watched porn in longer than that, nor have I played WoW for more than 20 minutes. This is the first time I have said I am proud of myself for those things in writing.
   My ability to be independent slowly grows, but I do yearn for just a little reassurance from Hannah, to know that she has some interest in trying to figure out what a life with me could look like. That is not the kind of validation I should be seeking, but there is no sense in denying that I crave it. 
   I realized a little while ago that it has only been three days since I saw her. It could be eight more until I see her again. What am I going to do when she’s gone in Europe all of August? What did I do before I became preoccupied with her? I drank.
   Writing is the best. I will have no shame if I fill the rest of this journal with thoughts like I have avoided doing for so long. I do hope to get a text from her soon, but I need to not be nosy. 
   If she texted me asking how my night has been, I would say I’m grateful for alone time even though I’m feeling lonely.
—VI.XXIV

I dreamt of being in an airport with Hannah and others. She kept excitedly grabbing the hand of a lumberjack-type dude. I woke at 6:09 and was still very tired, so I decided to disable my 6:30 alarm. I fell back asleep and dreamt I was in the front yard with all three dogs. They were going crazy over passersby and wandering into the next yard through missing boards in the fence.
   My alarm went off at 7 and I disabled it. I knew I needed to get up because my dreams were getting bad, and I eventually realized I shouldn’t have disabled the alarm. So, I played Wordle and threw my laptop into the laundry basket. I grabbed my blue bag and put my journal, charger, toothbrush and toothpaste inside, put on my clothes and hat and laid back on the bed for a while.
   At 8:01 I left the house and drove all the way to exit 125 in Hickory, where I ordered a grande dark roast and bought $40 of gasoline. I continued east, encountering two almost-incidents near Greensboro, the first of which frazzled/confused me and led to me taking I-73 instead of I-40.
   I eventually merged back with 40, took 440 East in Raleigh, then I-64. I exited onto 264 and stopped for more coffee and a pee at a Speedway in Farmville. I drove the remaining 45 minutes, ate two bowls of macaroni salad, took a tour of the house and yard, took a picture of me in my marching band uniform, sent it to Hannah saying, “Made it!” and sat on the couch with Dad while it rained and tried not to look too bored.
   “Well, you two are an interesting pair,” Mom said.
   I said, “That’s good!”
She told me about how she had been to a democrats meeting, taken two walks total, asked about purchasing her car vs renting it and said that there’s a gym with an indoor pool; she would probably check it out when she gets more settled in.
“You look pretty settled in to me,” I said. 
   “Well, I’ve got a lot of bare walls.”
   I decided to go lie down and had a nice nap in the guest room in the rain. I woke up, ate four grapes, went to the car for my laundry basket, started a load and wrote in my journal. 

Hannah texted me back at 5:16, emphasizing my image and saying, “Yay!!!” It is an underwhelming response, but I think she’s doing double duty today, nanny bartender. I forgot to mention that she had texted me first today at 11:04, which made me feel good for a while. “Have a good trip!!! Did you leave yet?” she asked. “I-40 is a mess today.”

We ate dinner, chicken & white bean soup w/ salad. I sat on the back stoop while they cleaned up, then sat in the living room for a while. Me and Dad were looking at our phones while Mom read a book. She asked me while Dad was in the kitchen if everything was all right. I said, “Mm-hmm,” and her face shriveled up. She knew I was lying. It was upsetting because it was not a good invitation to talk about it. I guess no one wants to open up to a social worker.
   I rolled up my laundry and we went to the waterfront, took a walk along the boardwalk and got drinks on the back patio of Mulberry. I had a latte and a Ceebo, which tasted a bit like Mountain Water. Mom had a chocolate stout and Dad, of course, an IPA. I asked him what kind it was, but I can’t remember now.
   I drove us back home and Mom said, “I miss my Mini logo, too,” one of several hints that she was mourning the loss of her convertible. I said, “We can trade back if you want.”
   “Well, that would make me happy. We can trade every so often and just say that you’re borrowing it.”
I walked in the house, sat down and wrote in my journal.

The car trade a win/win for me because both options of buying and renting are monetarily stressful—buying in the short term because of registration and plate change costs, and renting in the long because she pays 90-something dollars in insurance. Honestly, I will not miss the convertible at all. I know people will ask me if I do, but keeping them guessing is always more interesting.
   On the drive down, once I got some coffee in me, I had an exciting idea for how to fill the latter half of the github journal; I’m going to go through and create journal entries for the missing months, probably starting tonight, which should be fairly possible thanks to my calendar and Maps Timeline. I only wonder if there’s a way to view all of my text messages in a purely chronological order, regardless of who sent them or who they were sent to.
   It seems like the app Legal Text Collector will be the best option, but the process of going through it will be somewhat daunting. Perhaps I will start by collecting whatever I can via calendar and timeline only, and maybe even go through them one at a time. The start date is November 23rd and the end date is March 6. 

I went through my calendar and wrote a short summary for each day. I had hoped Hannah might text me by 11PM on account of the short response earlier and, at 10:30, I received an Emmylou update and an inquiry into how my visit was going. We texted a lot about her cowriting session and her appointment with her sister and her sister’s hair stylist. I warned her I would bug her more about the song when I saw her and we scheduled some outdoor time on Wednesday after 4.
   This kinda makes me think I should find a way out of seeing Jenny Lewis with Cait, mainly because I want to have my evening free in case hers’ is. But also, I don’t want to have to tell her I’m going to a show with my ex. Also, that might be the best time to meet up with Scott regarding house sitting, and I would love to invite Hannah to that. I will have to think in depth about this tomorrow. Letting Cait know at the last minute would be lame, and I probably won’t receive any additional helpful information.
   There was a half-hour lull at 11:30 and then we texted for another hour about the Olympics, Melissa, Say She She and the Nashville notation system and said our night-nights.

—VI.XXV— 

I woke up, got barked at by Nick, poured a tiny amount of coffee into my brown cast iron cup and sat on the couch. Mom was reading a book in the chair with her mouth open. I flipped through Time Magazine while she called the pontoon place, the Estuarium.
   Time was so blatantly pro-Joe and Israel, and the boat was booked until late July. I decided I would walk downtown. My phone said it would take 37 minutes. Mom said she would meet me after she had dropped Mr. Spunky off for his grooming.
   I set off, said hello to the growly black lab across the street and walked down the shady side of Market. I stopped at the Cash Points, deposited $100, snooped around a book store, scoped out coffee shops on my phone, turned onto Market Street and went to the pawn shop, where I bought an XLR cable for $15.
   Mom was around the corner drinking a limeade, so I met up with her, walked back down Market to the Little Inn on Main, ordered a quad latte, sat outside and wrote in my journal. I was watching Mom mouth-breathe and wondering if she had always done that. Could it possibly be a cause of her COPD or rather a symptom? Dad walked up and ordered a frappe. I said, "Look at *that* thing!" He said, "Hmm?"
   We walked along the waterfront back to Mom’s car on Market Street. She was eager to get back home for some reason. Dad and I had lunch at Down on Main—he, a Po Boy w/ Red Oak and me, salmon over rice w/ Starry. He said he was looking forward to the Fall and I said, "The mountains are hot, too."
   "Are they?
   "Yep. The Fall is a ways away, so maybe you should find a way to be happy now."
He said he was going to the upcoming Rotary meeting. I walked him to his car and said I was going to hang out at the library, then, "You gonna hang at the house and listen to Nick?"
"Yeah, probably."
   "I walked to the library with a painful poop looming. From the restroom, I texted Hannah a picture of my lunch and asked if she'd have enough time for a Hike when we got together. She asked if it was pie over rice and said she would figure out if she can.
   "You mean Lookout? I love Lookout!" I sat at a table and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I wanted to check out the BHM Regional Library Headquarters and started walking that way, but passed by the pawn shop and started thinking about the Chromebook I had seen inside for $40. I sat at a table on the sidewalk, looked at my funds and decided it would probably be a worthwhile investment. I walked in, set up my phone as a hotspot, logged into the machine as a guest and did some Monkeytype. My first test was 120 WPM with a totally botched word and my second was 125 with 100% accuracy.
   I decided I liked the keyboard and would buy the computer, but as I was walking towards the counter, it occurred to me I would have spent around $60 all day. I asked about returning the XLR cable if I bought the Chromebook and the guy went to the back to ask his boss. When they both came back to the front, I said, "If it's easier, I could give you $30 for the computer instead."
   They fiddled around on the cash register for a minute and the boss said, "If you can do $30 plus tax, I'll do that. It should come out to 32-something." I said we had a deal, paid for the computer, put it in my bag and walked towards the other library. I tried calling Mom, but Dad answered, saying she was in the bathroom. Basically, Mom had noticed that I had a cheque in the convertible, so she met me at the Cash Points and I deposited my $75 from Bat Book, then rode back to the house. 
   I sat in the living room, set up my new computer and wrote in my journal, mostly in the Google Keep app with a quick test of Google Docs as well.

The notes app is a very efficient way of mocking up my journal entries, and I like that it has dark mode, plus an appropriate font and page size. It even syncs automatically with my phone, so I now have three options for journaling away from home: journal, phone, Chromebook. Once I get home and do some more testing in Google Docs, I may be able to just use that and have my master file with me all the time. That depends on whether I can get dark mode and printing to work properly. 
   I do, however, really appreciate the speed and simplicity of the Keep app, and could keep each entry as a separate note so that things are always lightweight when I'm on the go. My initial test of Docs was a little sluggish, and that would only get worse the longer my file gets. Even the phone app is a little slow sometimes.

. . .

I laid in bed for a while, went to the kitchen, ate a few grapes, got an Athletic, went back to my room and moved the previous journal entry from TextEdit to Google Keep. Mom and I swapped the belongings from our cars and drove them each around the block. I went inside, sat down with my beer and wrote in my journal from my phone.

I am eagerly awaiting Hannah's response. I would like to see Jenny Lewis and not disappoint Cait, but the prospect of seeing Hannah before Monday and going on our first hike together is much more exciting. I suppose I will still see her even if we just go on a short walk, but her request for a steep hill is a perfect opportunity for the invitation.

I laid in bed some more. My dad poked his head through the doorway.
   "Did Mom ask you about whether you want to go out to eat or eat here?"
   "No."
   "Well, she keeps asking me. I said I don't care!"
   "Well," I said, with a sly pause. "Let's go out, then."
   I took a bath, got back in bed and wrote in my journal. Alyse texted, saying, "hey bud! do you have time around 8:30/9 tonight to let young charles out??"
I said, "Sorry, I'm out of tooooooon"
And she said, "no worries!!"
   Maddy texted me trying to tell me about George Harrison's self-titled album, Os Mutantes and The Zombies, just another reminder I am past that relationship.

. . .

I took a bath and we all put on our fancy shirts. I drove the four-door to Ribeyes on the waterfront, where we each got six-ounce cuts, mainly because they came with unlimited salad bar on special. Mom got a baked sweet potato. Dad and I got twice-baked regular potatoes. His steak was medium rare with a Hazyum. Mine was rare with Starry. I drove us back home, took off my fancy shirt, asked if there were any Olympic trials scheduled for tonight (no,) and wrote in my journal.

Lately, due to really enjoying writing and wanting to fill up journal pages, I've made a habit after writing out thoughts after outlining the facts, but I'm not sure I have any at the moment; I am content.


. . .

My contentedness slowly faltered as I lay awake wishing Hannah would text me. I sent a meme via Instagram to let her know I was awake and watched the green dot linger over her Facebook profile with no response.
—VI.XXVI— 

I woke to the dogs around 6:30 but still had an hour before my alarm. Hannah reacted with a laughing emoji to my meme. I couldn't help but think this was strategic timing on her part. Ned busted into my room and I gave him a few pats on the head. I played Wordle, hid under the blanket for a while and eventually threw all my belongings into the laundry basket. I ate a few grapes out of the fridge, put my laundry basket in the car, poured a cup of coffee, said goodbye to Mom and then to Dad, who was up and dressed. Nick was barking the whole time.
   I got in the car, left the neighborhood, turned right onto Market and then 15th. I drove past 264 at the Sheetz but realized my mistake right away. It wasn't until I was passing a farmer's market in Grifton on 11-South that I realized I had made a mistake. I think I had gone about 11 miles in the wrong direction. I got back on track, hopped onto 587-West and, after about 20 miles, found a Starbucks in Southern Village Phase II, an offshoot of Wilson, where I ordered a grande dark roast and wrote in my journal.

I almost walked into the Burger King at first but had recognized its signature brick siding.

. . .

I used the restroom, balancing my coffee on my laptop, got in the car and continued west all the way to exit 125, where I filled up the tank, ordered a tall latte and used the restroom again. I continued west and finally received a text from Hannah.
   "You still game for a walk or a hike tonight?"
   I said, using voice-to-text, "Yes! Either is better"
   "I'm so confused," she said. "What do you mean either is better?" 
   "That is a famous Charlie quote we say that means both options sound great"
   "I'm guessing not Charlie the dog"
   "Not sure which Charlie said it first TBH"
   I drove up the mountain, took the Patton Ave exit, ordered Chick-Fil-A via drivethru and drove hurriedly home, where that cat was sleeping on the porch. I ate my food, brought in my laundry basket and wrote in my journal.

I am very tired. I've decided that cancelling on Cait is the best and most honest move, but I am dreading it and not sure if she's out of work yet. It is 3:30, so if I wait an hour, that gives me time to hear from Hannah, get a read on her timeline and still leave Cait with three-and-a-half hours to find a friend to go with her.
   And yet, something is telling me I should not go to the concert with Cait even if I have the time to. 

. . .

I called Cait but got no answer. She soon texted back, saying, "Call ya in a sec. I'm visiting g Taylor in the hospital"
   My eyes were tired and I tried to close them and rest as much as I could. I started feeling a bit revitalized around 5 and started seeing memes about manifestation on Instagram. They were all about centering on myself and remembering what I deserve. I put my phone down, closed my eyes and got a text from Hannah at 530 asking if I was home yet.
   I said I was and asked what her timeline was. She'd be home around 6 and invited me to come eat beans and rice and salsa. I had not heard from Cait in an hour-and-a-half, so I texted her saying, "Well I hate to hear it and really don't want to add to the bummer but I've got more to take care of tonight than I thought I did," with a slant face. "I'm house sitting for Scott starting tomorrow and need to go get the rundown so if I can make it to the show at all I'm prolly gonna be late. Is there anyone who can take my ticket?"
   She said, "Yeah babe!" and called me right away, saying her friend Chels said she wanted to go, and she wasn't totally sure if she still wanted to after the draining experience of the hospital, anyway. I was relieved. I flossed, brushed, changed my T-shirt, plugged in the power adapter for my Chromebook and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I drove to Hannah's house and hung out in her kitchen while she made beans, rice and salsa with a side of cucumbers, hummus and grapes. We sat on the back porch, drank Hoppy Refreshers, ate and talked about familial struggles until Kathryn and her dog came outside and joined us. The neighbor from Afghanistan was not far behind.
   Kathryn eventually went to the Orange Peel for Jenny Lewis, while Hannah and I went inside to prepare for our hike. We decided to go to the trail on Town Mountain since it was reasonably hilly but not too far away; the time was 7:30 and so sunset was two hours away. We talked mainly about how Julia, who is getting married this weekend, decided Rachel is autistic, and all the drama surrounding that.
   We had a relatively short but great hike, drove back through downtown, then practiced setting up Hannah's PA for the wedding this weekend. She took lots of photos and notes. I felt like I could have lingered for as long as I wanted, but the time eventually came where it felt right to say my goodbyes. I don't think any further invitations would have come, nor could I think of any natural propositions. We hugged twice. I drove home and wrote in my journal.

If we remain only friends, I will still be grateful, but I fear that either of us finding romantic love elsewhere could put our closeness in jeopardy. I also know the idea of romantic emotions on top of the familial/wedding stress would be impossible for Hannah to take on right now. I am understanding her more than ever and I hope she feels that about me, too. What might have manifested as patience in some of her partners is pure adoration for her total innocence to me. She is an angel and I could keep her as safe as humanly possible. I love her.

—VI.XXVII—

I woke after some of the best rainy sleep I'd ever had. One of my dreams was being at a small lecture with Killer Mike and Phonte. Around 9, I watched a rhythmic swimming video Hannah had sent me, did my Wordle (Order in four) and started formatting my journal entries into LibreOffice Writer.

I think one of the main formatting difficulties I was having was stemming from double line breaks. I'm not entirely sure, but trying to center some of the elipses breaks was causing the whole area before it to be centered, so I had to go through and recreate those from scratch. Therefore, I think I will keep all entry formatting to single-spaced at first.

. . .

I laid in bed and thought about touching myself but shaved my face and brushed my teeth instead. I got dressed, moved the car out of the driveway (Erica was driving to FedEx Kinkos and Greenville today) and walked up to Kota Kai for a dark roast. I was thinking it might be nice to drink out of a ceramic mug, but the barista asked if I had my cup today.
   I sat on the couch and read through my 15 new pages of journal entries from Washington while looking out at the rain.

Being in love with my journal is a great tool for reminding myself that I am in love with my life, even when it is difficult.
   Is it crazy for me to want to transcribe all of my journals? How would I organize them? One idea is to stick every even page to the back of its odd counterpart and staple or somehow bind the pages together. That would have a very nice feel. 

I ordered another (free) coffee, walked home in the rain and moved my journal to the master file.
I laid in bed for a while, listened to Say She She and packed everything I thought I'd need for house sitting at Scott's including, at the last minute, my drums. I drove up I-26 to exit 23, realized I was a little too early and pulled into the parking lot where I saw ALL DAY BREAKFAST. I didn't like anything I saw on the menu, so I said I forgot my wallet (since it was in the car,) looked up nearby coffee and drove to Rite Rite, where the barista made me a beautiful cortado. I sat at a table and wrote in my journal, feeling hungry but hoping to suppress my appetite just a little longer.

. . .

I drove to Scott and Leann's, got a rundown of all the things: cat food, dog food, quirky locks, litter, bathtub, food, projector, stereo, wifi, Myrtle roaming and barriers, keys, the Tercel. I sat in a chair in the kitchen as they and Charlie grabbed their bags and left the house, then helped myself to blueberries, barbecue chips, trek mix and a turkey sandwich. I ate at the table, then moved to the bedroom, laid on the daybed and wrote in my journal.

It is worth putting into writing how surreal it is that my favorite living songwriter trusts me enough to live in his house for five days, and I am grateful for the opportunity to prove myself in this way. It is interesting how those facts and the coolness of their house makes me much more excited than when I was doing this for Kev and Alyse two-and-a-half months ago, which I told a couple people I might never do again. There's also the remoteness of the property to consider, but I am also in a less depressed mindset.
   The biggest difference in my life is that I have gone from being desperate in my desire for love from Hannah to accepting of how uncertain reality really is, and relatively unattached. I am in awe of the beauty in all my friendships and know, in case I haven't put it in writing yet, anyone I fall in love with henceforth must make me feel as good and safe and seen as her. Part of me is starting to wonder if I have confused her autistic friendship for intimacy.

. . .

I sat on the porch with the cats, walked around the yard with Myrtle and drove to Hendrix for Blob practice. We ran through Ryan's song, Come Away, Take it Easy, Pink Pony Club and We Can't Be Friends by Ariana Grande. I said goodbye to everyone individually, sped to Scott Land and let Myrtle out. She had a wild energy and was speeding around chewing toys and chasing cats while I wrote in my journal.

Kevin said he would be going to Philadelphia straight from Honeycutters tour in Michigan, so I said I probably wouldn't go to the Dr. Dog shows, which is a little sad but more of a relief. If I stay home, I can definitely do some house sitting for either the Williams or McMicken family.

. . .

I read the intro to Armageddon in Retrospect while diverting Myrtle from chewing on her beds and the rug, then texted with Hannah til 1230 and laid me down to sleep.

—VI.XXVIII— 

As predicted, Myrtle woke me at six. She went outside while I put one-and-three-quarters cups of food in her bowl, then came in and ate. We both went out after that so she could poop, which happened quickly. I said, "Well, that was easy," as we walked inside together and went back to bed.
   She was ready to get up again not long after that. I ate some snacks and convinced her to cuddle on the couch with me until she was asleep, at which point I carried her back to bed. I dreamed I was waking up, making coffee, eating snacks and taking care of Scott's adopted son. I also came to find there was a high school in the house, so children were running around everywhere.
  When I woke up at ten, I was relieved to only be looking after three small animals. Myrtle was still sound asleep. Hannah wrote me back, saying she was hanging with family and eventually having wedding rehearsal. I told her to have fun and download the playlist songs onto her new phone. I struggled with the coffee maker but eventually got it working and wrote in my journal.
   The machine was making all kinds of crazy popping noises, so I got up to turn it off and had my chair stolen by Myrtle. She was chewing on her dog beds again, so I offered her her shirt, which seemed to be a good substitution. 

. . . 

I drank coffee on the porch with the critters and thought about how bummed Scott and Leann really must be to have this house being built right next to them, blocking their view of the mountains. Hopefully the construction will not be happening on Saturday. I went inside, poured another splash and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I had a very relaxing hang around the house and spent a fair amount of time on the daybed, where Myrtle took a long nap and I ordered the classic sub + chips and Coke from Lennys Grill & Subs to be picked up at three-fifteen. I carried Myrtle outside, made sure the cats were contained, put on my dark blue shirt, let Myrtle back in and left the house.
   I went down 26 and took the downtown exit, but accidentally veered immediately onto 240, so I took Montford Ave, went around Battery Park, forgot it becomes one-way in front of Chai Pani, went back up around the basilica, then down to Pritchard Park, turned left, then right at the former Vance Monument. I drove down to Lennys, picked up my food, went into the Biltmore estate and started setting up my drums. 
   I put down my throne, laid out the rug, unrolled and unfurled it. A worried woman said , "Are you guys setting up?" and I replied, "Starting to!" She winced. I walked back to the car and grabbed my hardware bag, the weapons, as Melissa calls them, an army duffel full of holes. I dumped the hardware onto the rug, retracted all the legs and set up the stands at their fixed heights. I sat on the throne, made sure the hi-hat stand was under my left foot, then placed the snare stand right behind it (which I remember because C in cymbal comes before S in snare.)
   I rolled up the hardware bag and secured it with the bungee from my rug, then walked to the car, grabbed my loosely connected floor tom and snare bags. I took the snare out of its bag, placed it on the stand, then stuffed the hardware bag inside the snare bag. I made sure the tom legs matched the height of the snare drum, then rotated them to where they had some tension and flipped the drum upright, placing the snare bag inside the tom bag.
   I grabbed my kick drum and removed its legs and the pedal. I sat on the throne and placed the pedal under my right foot, then put the rack tom on its stand (left cymbal) and put the small tom bag inside the larger tom bag. I set up the kick drum, placed it flush against the pedal and adjusted the blanket according to the resonance of the gazebo.
   I put all the bags inside the kick bag, took them to the car and returned with my cymbal bag. I removed the cowbell, inside of which sits its mount and a Ziploc full of felts, etc. I mounted the cowbell, placed the felts and washers on their cymbal stands and the drum key on a tom lug. When Dulci and Kevin arrived, I parked the car in a more permanent position and carried my food to the drum set. I covered my snare in the paper from my sandwich, used it as a table, used my cowbell as a napkin dispenser and ate my sub as fast as I could.
   I wadded up the paper, threw it away, placed my wallet on the snare for dampening, took my sticks out of my cymbal bag and hit each drum. A kid was sitting nearby, watching me and said, "Are you just testing them?" I said, "Yeah, making sure they sound right. Maybe I will make this snare drum a little wetter." I loosened the tension on the snares, hit the drum again, shook my head, tightened them back up, and he said, "Yeah, that sounds better." I took my cymbals out of their bag, slid them onto their stands and had about ten minutes to sit on a nearby couch with my eyes closed before we started playing.
   During our first set, we played Should I Have Stayed In Tonight, I really Don't Know, Iguana Song, Everybody's Talkin', Say nothing and Strawberry Wine. I went back to the couch and drank my Coca-Cola. During our second set, we played The Bottom, Excuses by Morning Benders, Bon voyage
Mouthfuls by Fruit Bats, On the Radio by Regina Spektor and Milky Way.
   I went to get an iced latte from the sandwich shop while Kevin and Dulci got sparkling waters from Cedric's, and someone told me we sounded good as I was exiting the building. "Okay, I've got a million-dollar question for you," he said. "If she," as in Dulci, "Could sing Carly Simon or Carole King, I'd throw some money in the tip bucket."
   I said, "I bet we know some Carole King, but it'll cost you a million bucks."
   He said, "No, I don't have that kind of money."
   For our third said, we played Woe, Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow, Daddy, Harvest Moon, Oh No, More Than You Can Take and Only Got One. I sat on the couch again until we played our final set: Take It Easy, Walk on By, All My Friends, Don't Even Have To Try, Distance, We the Common, if you got a problem and Only Takes a Minute. I packed up my drums (cymbals away, moved car, bags over drums, drums to car, folded hardware, hardware to car, rug rolled up, rug and throne to car,) said I had to go let Myrtle out and sped to Scott and Leann's, where I cleaned a little poop & pee, fed Myrtle and wrote way too much in my journal.

—VI.XXIX—

I woke to my phone buzzing at six AM and thought, "If that's Hannah, this is my chance to ask her how she is." It was indeed her, sending a reel about a cat festival in Minnesota. I said I hoped her day is great and she asked me how my gig was. Then, I said, "Smooth rehearsal day?" with the sly moon-face emoji.
   She said, "Yes. A good day. Very long. I had a break yesterday morning then I got the chance to go to the nature center with emmylou and Peter, so I jumped at it" and sent a picture of Emmylou riding Peter's back.
   I let Myrtle out, fed her, let her back out again and took her to bed. I could tell I was sleeping very hard even in short spurts. She went into the living room to chew on stuff so I brought her back to the bedroom and shut the door. I had very vivid dreams until noon: a three-story pub where he found a grenade launcher, a rural highway to a restaurant that could be played alongside a video game with a real-life shortcut, a grocery store with a new friend where I saw Jordan Powers and Liz and tried to apologize; he didn't buy it. I felt embarrassed and started to realize it might be a dream, so I started gliding on the floor and shot a stranger in the face just to be sure.
   I woke up, went to the living room, had lots of responses to my first-person perspective drumming IG story and made coffee. I realized the button that was confusing me says, "Brew\Stop" not "Brew Stop." That's a big syntactical difference. I drank a coffee on the porch with the animals, heard a car door, went inside for another coffee, accepted a package from USPS, took my laptop outside, locked myself out and wrote in my journal.

. . .

Myrtle and I walked around to the kitchen door, which was not fully latched. I went inside, opened the door to the porch, put on my shoes and went back to get Myrtle, who was eating a wad of bird poop and dirt. She made me chase her around to the shed until I tapped the ground with a stick, picked her up, put her on the porch, let the cats inside, got another coffee, rewrote my drum setup description from the day before and wrote in my journal.

Last night, I was having a very hard time writing that part in the past tense and was feeling very overstimulated in general. I suppose those two factors were connected. I wanted to just relax, but there were journals to write, pictures to sort through, video to trim/crop/share, social media to catch up on, potato chips to eat, etc.
   Today there is no construction, no gigs, no rehearsals and I will not be attending the Ether Jam. Knowing myself, I probably won't even go to the grocery store for the fruit I desire. It's allegedly 83 degrees, but overcast with a cool breeze and an impending chance of rain. Part of me wishes I was at Julia's wedding with Hannah, but a relaxingly larger part feels like this is my reward from the Universe for choosing myself instead of hoping to be chosen. 

. . .

I sat on the porch drinking coffee and working on the mystery months until my battery died, at which point I read little bits of Toni Morrison and Alan Watts. Once the sun started going down, I ate a bunch of snacks, worked on the mystery months some more, laid on the couch looking at manifestation memes with Myrtle and went to bed as soon as it was dark.



—VI.XXX

I dreamed I had signed up for classes at Greensboro College with Erica, but at first I didn't have a schedule, and, once I did, there were room numbers, but no building names. I ran into Kevin, whose private phone conversation was being broadcast over the intercom.
   I woke up, let Myrtle out, fed her, let her out again and went back to bed, then dreamed about a pool party. I started waking up again a little before my 10:00 alarm, but stayed in bed until it went off, then made a pot of coffee, let Myrtle out and wrote in my journal.

Yesterday was very relaxing and I hope to be able to choose myself like this all the time. Of course, I realize the irony that I am in such a relaxing place because Scott has chosen me to be here.

. . .

I put on my light blue Moves shirt, poured a cup of coffee and drank it in Myrtle's courtyard. I checked my phone, had a text from Maddy saying she was still trying to be my friend. I said that was okay and poured myself another cup of coffee.
   I sat in the comfy chair looking at Instagram, scooped the litter box and poured some more coffee.
   I changed into my smaller purple shirt, put on the fancy white shirt Cait gave me, put on my hat, put the car key in my pocket, laid out a pee pad, filled my to-go cup up with coffee and had a whole nother cup's worth. I responded to Dad with my Wordle score, tried to chug a little more coffee, shut all the windows, checked the porch door, laid eyes on two cats, wrote in my journal and left the house.

. . .

I drove in the right lane down 26 to the airport exit, called Sierra Nevada security, went through the back gate and parked to find myself the first one there. I loaded up the golf cart limo with Tyler, rode down to the stage and started setting up. Keith seemed stressed that we were bringing seven people and they both wanted to make sure I knew they only had five monitors.
   When Tyler said, "I'm gonna go get the next band member," I said, "I bet it's Charlie," and was correct. I didn't notice at first, but Wyndham was with him, too. We all went into the greenroom and ordered food. Wyndham said, "Let's jam!" I didn't want to Jam, but I knew he would play my drums if I didn't sit there. We noodled on some light jazz for two minutes until Keith got the house working and started playing what was surely Lake Street Dive radio.
   It started to drizzle as Kevin, Dulci and Alyse arrived. Dulci said, "A hearty rain!"
   I said, "That's not hearty!" and charlie didn't believe it was raining at all.
   Dulci said, "It is, I swear!"
   The food came and I decided I would eat at my drums again, the burger on my snare and the fries on my floor tom. Tyler came to the stage and said, "There's been a lightning strike within five miles, so we're postponing sound check until 1:30 after what happened at the Biltmore estate."
   I said, "What happened at Biltmore?"
   Tyler said, "Lightning struck a dead tree, fell onto a car, killed two people," and then with hardly any pause, clearly the point of his statement, "And Biltmore settled."
   It started raining pretty good. Everyone was inside the green room and I had finished my burger. I could see Keith was up eating some food, possibly a burger under his sound tent. I texted Hannah, saying, "Excited to hear about your weekend and hope you get some chill time today"
   She immediately liked my message and the last one from three days before, then said, "Currently under a weighted blanket drinking hop water with my cats!!" then "Some family is still here but it appears that the most intense part is finally over!"
   I said, "Oh awesome! I too am having a hop water sitting on the stage by myself in the rain" with a cry-laugh emoji.
   She loved my message, asked if we were rain delayed and said, "Maybe we can meet for a bite to eat before LaZoom tomorrow evening?"
   "A bite sounds great!" I said. "We're not supposed to start until 2 but we've still got a couple things to check so maybe a short delay"
   I was the only one who had taken my deads to the green room. Most of them were at the edge of the stage and getting wet. Ryan's were especially all over the place. I sat cross-legged until Wyndham came out and Keith proposed we start checking at 1:45.
   We finished at 2:05, delayed mainly by the Crumar organ needing a reboot.
   Dulci said, "Can we take five?"
   Kevin said, "Thank you, five."
   We went into the greenroom, came back out and played from 2:30 to 3:45. We were playing Only Takes a Minute when Kevin's bass cut out, Wyndham got a bubble in his mouth and my right arm tensed up. "Let's take that break now," I said.
   "Good idea," said Dulci.
   Barb joined us in the greenroom and I sat outside on the wall with Charlie.
   "Going on a LaZoom Ghosted tour tomorrow," I said.
   "Why?"
   "Hannah's their PR person and needs to be able to write about it."
   "Oh," he said, "And she invited you along? Y'all hang out much outside of band stuff?"
   "We have been," I said. "Went for a hike last week."
   "Romantic in nature?"
   I said, "As long as I don't ask about it, it seems to be going that way."
   "Do you want that?"
   "Yes!"
   "Well," he said. "I noticed when we were at the Thomas Kozak show she was looking at you like she kinda liked you."
   "When I brought up that observation months ago, she said, 'I'm gonna have to think about that…'"
   And he said, "She's a nice girl," as he has said several times before.
   We took the stage for 45 more minutes and ended with Go + Dreams. I packed up my drums, threw them on the cart and talked to neighbor Courtney about his ska band and AVL Fest. Then I hung by the green room with Ryan, Kevin, Dan and Molly. We loaded down the limo, exited the amphitheater, packed our cars and said goodbye. I probably wouldn't see Kevin, Dulci or Alyse until after their Dr. Dog tour.
   I sped up Brevard Rd. and got on 26 right by my house, drove to Scott's, let Myrtle out, looked around but couldn't find any pee or poop, which was weird because she had been in the house for seven hours. I fed her, let her back out, opened some windows, ate some snacks and then wrote in my journal, first at the kitchen table, then on the porch in the rain. 

. . .

I stayed outside until the sun went down, then got cozy on the bed and looked at social media. Hannah had shared some really pretty photos from the wedding, and as soon as I liked them, she texted me saying, "Whatcha up to? I might walk up to the store or the hop, want to come?"
   I drove down to her house, then to Ingles. We walked to the Hop, then around the block behind the Pub and back to the car. I felt we were close to kissing. I drove her home, continued on to Scott's, loaded in my groceries, got in bed and wrote in my journal.
VII.I—

I dreamed I was going around to all the different dive bars inside the Grove Arcade, seeing familiar faces including Eden and Jack Black. I went down the street to a house party that turned out to be Dulci's new apartment — very reminiscent of Bristol days.
   I was reluctant to wake up. I tried shutting Myrtle in the bedroom with me, but got yelled at by a cat. I don't even remember the exact order of events, but I definitely left a pile of paper towels to soak up a pee spot in the kitchen. At some point, she jumped back onto the bed with me, which was probably a first. I laid there feeling dead but not necessarily asleep until almost 11:30, at which point I got up, made coffee and ate a handful of CheezIts + grapes.
   I caught up on phone stuff from the bathroom while Myrtle hung outside. I opened the door to the porch, took a cup of coffee out there, got another handful of CheezIts + grapes, went to the comfy chair and drank a cup while looking at Instagram. I went inside, poured another cup, came back to the chair and started writing in my journal.

There were talks about having Moon & You rehearsal today, but Ryan misread his calendar as usual, and I am relieved. On the one hand, it is a long day to sit around thinking how to clean up the house, but having to drive to WAVL for a rehearsal would only serve to make me feel like I have things to do, not aid in my peace of mind.
   As of yesterday, I now know my complete AVL Fest schedule:

Thursday at 6PM: Tina & Her Pony at The Funkatorium
Friday at 6:30PM: Hannah Kaminer at The Funkatorium
Saturday at 2:30: Dulci at New Belgium
Saturday at 5ish: Ever-Expanding at New Belgium
Saturday at 9:30: Secret-B Sides at the Music Hall
Sunday at 3:30: The Moon and You at the Kava Bar

I am excited to share how busy I am on social media, but will wait until all official announcements have been made.
   As far as my day today, I need to stock the fridge, make some lunch sandwiches, clean the litter, feed Myrtle once more, move my belongings to the car, do the dishes, take out the trash and recycling, make the bed, sweep around the litter box, clean up the courtyard poop, maybe even sweep the kitchen and possibly even go to my house to drop off groceries before picking up Hannah at 7PM, which is in six hours and twenty minutes.
   This is why my brain is averse to doing things.

. . .

I cuddled on the porch with Myrtle drinking coffee and eating my two bananas until 4:00, then took out the trash, cleaned up her poops, did the dishes and locked down the porch. I scrolled on the couch, cleaned the litter, swept around it, charged my phone, hung outside with Myrtle, ate a bunch of CheezIts, felt a little lightheaded, drank an orange La Croix and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I closed all the windows, turned on the AC, flossed, brushed my teeth, put my CheezIts in my laundry basket and wrote a note on the back of their note that said, "Scott and Leann,
   Thank you so much for letting me hang out in your home with these fine animals the last few days. We had the most relaxing time! I'm happy to kick it with Sal, Theo & Myrtle any time I might be needed/available and have decided to stay in town this month, so just let me know if that's ever helpful and of course no sweat if not!
   --Ross
   P.S., I hope you had a fun and easy, perhaps even radical trip. Thanks again for the purple drink!"
   And then I drew a slightly angry looking picture of Myrtle.
   I got in the car, drove to my house, shaved the contours of my face and got a text from Hannah. "See you soon? I am home and getting ready."
   I said, "Yeah!!" and then, "Omw"
   I drove to Hannah's, parked in the driveway, knocked on the back door, and thought I heard, "Come in!" but it was locked, and apparently she had said, "Just a minute!" I explained they sounded dangerously similar and she agreed. I was sitting at the table eating grapes with Bruce when she said, "I just need a little peanut butter to get me there."
   I explained she sounded just like an alcoholic and said, "I know you don't have vodka in there." I drove us to Mamacita's, her for the second time that day. I pointed out the Big Secret flyer and she said I knew it wasn't her genre, but she said she liked Skidoo and would go with me, and prefers going to concerts that are "out-of-genre" anyway, and that it would probably be good dancing, which she needs more of.
   I paid for parking while standing in line. She realized she didn't have any cash and asked to borrow some money, to which we both laughed. Then she realized she could Venmo me for $15. I ordered a fried chicken burrito and she, a taco. We both had chips, salsa and Mexican Cokes. We had a nice dinner, talking mostly about the wedding. She then got worried about how scared the tour might make her, and I said, "Well, you can hold my hand if you need to. I give you permission."
   She said, "I might just grab your arm," and then started choking on salsa and got up to go to the restroom.
   We went across the street, checked in with Driver Mike and driver Mike and ordered drinks. She said she would get mine since I paid for parking. We said hey two Scott with two Ts and boarded the bus. Scott hyped the crowd and introduced the real host, Lorelai Killmore, then left.
   We drove slowly around town, occasionally encountering different characters played by Scott and laughing the whole time. I knew we would probably be asked about the nature of our relationship on mic and, when the time came, said we were in a band together. Lorelai said, "Ohhhh, what do you playyy?"
   Hannah said, "Instruments!"
   We pulled into the station, tipped and got in the car. I asked Hannah if she would like to check out the Mashup or just maybe get a drink and she said, "I think I want to eat sour candy on the porch," so we drove to Ingles at the same time as the night before, approximately 9:50. We encountered Zack Kardon (why do I feel I just recently wrote about him?) who was going to grill peaches with ice cream. We announced we were going to get sour gummies.
   We walked out into the parking lot and Hannah said, "I hear Ashley Heath!" so we followed the sound of singing across the street to Country Club open mic. Connor was very annoyed as he sometimes is. Hannah got a Fruit Smash and me, and Athletic. We listened to two songs by Ashley, and then Hannah got up and played, Wish We Could Talk, Oh, Sweet Home and She's Got You.
   I agreed with Taylor, Dave, James that she had the voice of an Angel. She gave me a little touch on the back when she got off the stage, which reminds me I forgot to mention how one of my biggest hopes of the night had earlier been fulfilled: she had put her head on my shoulder while on the bus.
   After being cornered by a seemingly drunk but sober-for-at-least-a-year Ashley, we decided it was time to go, which reminds me of another comforting feeling I had had while she was on stage: that no matter how much fun we were having, there was almost no chance we would stay for more than one or two drinks.
   We said Aloha to Cam, Kate, Jackie, Alan, Lyric, walked back across the street to Ingles and drove to Hannah's house. I asked as we were pulling up if she still wanted to do candy on the porch; we had had a fair amount of Mike & Ike's while at the bar, after all. She said she was ready for bed, but once I had parked, changed her mind. She made us two hopmosas because the hop water wasn't cold and we went out to the porch, where Tim was smoking weed.
   We were joined by Kathryn and Suli (?,) listened to distant fireworks, talked about the weekend and ate our sour octopi. Kathryn went to bed with a tummy ache, which seemed to be our cue as well. I said I was excited to sleep in my own bed as I gathered my things and walked through the house, and she said, "I bet." I thought it would be a great time to kiss, but when we hugged, her big Irish noggin was in the way.
   I drove home at midnight, said hey to Erica, laid down to bed, looked at my phone sporadically and thought about things until 2AM. I dreamed I was playing a PS2 game with Jack Foster. He was trying to beat it for a friend, and I had already done so. You're supposed to parachute in from space, land on a street that looks just like my high school home, stake out a guy in a tow truck and follow him, but it is very difficult and takes many attempts. The friend he was trying to beat it for eventually came over, and so did a food delivery person, who stayed to hang out as well.
   I woke at five AM, charged my phone and wrote in my journal.

VII.II—

I struggled to sleep until about 9:30, at which point I opened a hop water and took the drums out of my car. I formatted several days worth of entries and printed out 20 pages.
   I shaved my face, got dressed, packed my bag (journal, phone, wallet, cup,) put on my hat and announced with a peace sign to Erica from the top of the stairs I was walking to the bank.
   I walked straight there, frequently smelling sewage and realizing how the only thing in life I need to focus on/care about is my journaling.
   The sidewalk at Hilliard and S Ann was finally open and I said, "Oh hell yeah." I deposited $70 and walked to High Five, where a very cute barista was taking out the trash. She walked up to the register and said, "Ten-ounce dark roast in a to-go cup? You know what to do," so I guess she remembered me.
   I walked to Pritchard, sat, drank and read all my recent entries, then wrote.

. . .

I walked up to Malaprops and carefully considered all the journals, eventually deciding on a B6 Moleskine, lined, 208 pages. It cost around $25 w/ tax, which is more than 10 cents a page!
   I walked to the Greagle and got triggered by the disproportionately fat, oblivious and in-the-way crowd. I used the restroom and, as I was leaving, realized they were all part of the same tourist family. Of Montreal's bus was parked there as well. I walked up the street, sat at the shady bus stop and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I continued walking, stopped at the next bus stop, looked at my phone, went to Battle Cat, bought an iced latte and a sticker, continued west through the farmer's market, walked home, set down all my belongings, put the sticker on my laptop, opened it and wrote in my journal. 

. . .

I took a short nap, did the dishes, made some noodles w/ ham, walked to the market and looked for razors and/or Dr. Bronner's shaving cream. They didn't have either, so I went across the street to the Brew Pump and drank an Athletic with Travis, Lenny and Adam. When Mark showed up, I decided I would walk to Aldi, where I bought grapes, bananas and found a four-pack of three-blade razors for under $5.
   I ran into Adam Grabowski, who said he was very impressed with my drum solo video Courtney posted the other day. I said I was too and missed having him on the west side.
   I snooped around Diatribe and Firestorm for a place to sit and drink my second Athletic, but it was too sunny. I checked out Alan's house. His truck was there, but I didn't see him outside so I kept walking, checked my phone and saw I had missed a call from Hannah four minutes before.
   "Did you listen to my voicemail?" she asked. I had not. She said, "You are a true millennial." She said she wouldn't be ready to meet regarding cat instructions until after eight and started to say why, but I interrupted saying I was on my way to let out Charlie the Dog on foot, so that timing would be perfect.
   I apologized for interrupting and said she could give me her reasons if she liked. She was simply just getting off of work and had errands to run. I asked her how her day was and she said it was either pretty fun or fine, probably fine; work was busy and she managed to renegotiate her contract, which I thought was awesome. I said I would ask her about that later and she said, "You don't have to!"
   We wrapped up our conversation while I sat at the edge of the park on Clinton, just south of Redfern drinking my beer. I listened to her voicemail, walked down Sulfur Springs, cut through the park across the new Bridge, walked up Hendrix, unlocked the house, let Charlie out, sat on the porch and wrote in my journal.

I'm going to give Hannah plenty of time and patience tonight. Her post-work pre-tour voice is flustered, and I have a feeling the flirtatious vibes from yesterday will be on me to create. Thankfully I remember I am choosing myself over her and know that I am worth flirting with; I am sprawling on an outdoor couch eating grapes from the stem as I write that.

. . .

I walked down Hendrix and through the park, across the rocks, took off my shoes and went barefoot up Harris, turned left at Carrier and said hi to Kate and her friend, whose name I think might have been Lola. We talked about Hannah, Amanda, Tuvi. I turned right at her street, left at Delaware, right at Sulfur Springs, walked up to Haywood, and, as I approached The Odd, put my shoes back on.
   Hannah said she'd made it home and to come any time. I said I'd be there in 15ish and popped into UJ. I picked up Claire's pen that she dropped when I walked in, then sat next to Jamie, who I hadn't seen in a long time, since his amputation. He said it was Tanya's birthday, but she couldn't hear me wishing her a happy one. I ordered a Lagunitas IPNA, said farewell and walked to Hannah's house.
   The back door was open, so I went inside, got the rundown, helped Hannah make a list of things myself and the other sitter might need to know. She said she was going to be focused, and so not very talkative, but she would enjoy my company, but also understand if I wanted to go home. I said, "I'll hang!" I drank a hop water, coiled a cable, helped hang up the shower curtain, changed over the laundry, gave the cats some drugs, ate a string cheese, made up a song about it and had a hopmosa.
   Not too far into it, Hannah said, "I need to kick you out. You're being too much fun."
   I said, "I have to chug it," and put on my hat shoes and bag.
   "No, please sit down and don't chug it." I drank my orange juice expeditiously. She said, "Thank you for coming over."
   I jokingly said, "Thanks for letting me bother you."
   She said, "You aren't bothering me. I just need to focus," and offered me a ride home.
   I rejected and put my arms out for a hug, then said, "Have a great time. I'll miss ya.'"
   She said, seriously, "I'll miss you, too. Thanks for watching the cats."
   "I'll probably come over," I said with a pause. "Around 11:30?"
   I left, walked up the hill, thought a slice from Standard sounded real nice. I saw the bartender from Country Club whose name I'll never remember, Shane Brain and Michel. I walked home with some pep(peroni) in my step, deposited the pizza box in my neighbor's bin, put my grapes and bananas away, hung my bag and hat on the door, took off my clothes in the darkness, got in bed and wrote in my journal.

I wanted to take a bath, but as usual decided against it with the basement being dark and Erica probably asleep. 

—VII.III— 

I was having dreams of annoying white noise, which Erica confirmed was happening all over the place. I went downstairs, made a cup of coffee, listened to her tales in applying for a visa, talked briefly about walking and journaling, including my new Chromebook, made another cup of coffee, came upstairs, formatted and wrote in my journal.

I forgot to mention some things from the day before: while hanging out with Hannah, drinking my hopmosa, she came out of her bedroom and said, "Do you ever think about what you want to be when you grow up?"
   I laughed and said, "I'm already doing it! What do you want to be when you grew up?"
   When she was little, she wanted to teach at a community college. The main reason she had brought it up was she had been thinking about how all her sister really wanted to do was get married and have kids. I explained how that seemed like an important part of one's life, but not exactly what to do with it, in my opinion.
   When I got home I thought more about how that could have been at least the second time she had sneakily tried to ask me if I was interested in having kids, so I sent her a text saying, "Stopped at Standard and put a little pep(peroni) in my step for the walk home. Did I answer your question satisfactorily about what I wanted to be when I grew up?"
   I had fallen asleep by the time she texted me back 30 minutes later, saying, "I think so! I was curious if being around kids made you want to have your own kids." and then, "My smoke alarm just did a weird thing where it went off twice and then stopped. I hope that doesn't happen while you and the other house sitter are here"
   I woke up and saw these messages at about 3:30 and spent a while formulating and reforming a response. I knew I didn't want to text her until the morning in case her notifications were on, and, when I first woke up at 8:14, I said, "Haha yeah, I was starting to wonder if that's what you were asking about. I would love to be a dad with the right special person/partner, especially if I could be home a lot!"
   She wrote me back at 10:30, saying, "Hi! I made it into the tour van and the house is sort of clean! Kind of. Thank you for coming over and hanging out last night!
   Ok a few things to download - 
All sheets and pillowcases on the beds are clean. I did leave dishes though. Do you mind transferring what's in the washer to the dryer? The cats may need a little more food today and they def need clean water. I left a key on the mailbox and left my car keys (with another house key) on the hook in case you want to use the car for anything. One thing that would help my other house sitter is moving my car to the other part of the driveway, if you have time. (Any spot is fine as long as we can fit four across.) I told her to park her suburban where my car is now."
   It doesn't surprise me that she made no response to my comment about kids, but I'm glad she has something to think about. It's definitely still too intense for me to tell her that is the only person with whom I've ever considered that a possibility.

. . .

Scott texted me, saying, "Good day ross!  I hope your well.  Been meaning to compensate you for helping us immensly!  Does 70 bux a day feel good?  5 days.  Grand total 350?  That feel fair to you?  Please hit me with whatever reaction is upon you!  Cant thank you enough."
   I said, "That's generous indeed, thank you!!"
   I printed six pages and pasted them into my journal. I decided I might want to start using my old messenger bag again, so I removed from it a legal pad, a David Sedaris book, at least three toothbrushes, a ton of condoms and hair ties, a multi tool, a tin of old-ass weed, two AA batteries and a silver dollar.
   I packed my Chromebook, journal, toothbrush, toothpaste, shorts and phone charger, attached my cup to the strap, then packed my blue bag with grapes, bananas, phone, wallet and a pack of ramen.
   I walked to Kota Kai, and they were fairly busy. The barista asked if I wanted a dark roast and I said I would do an iced latte, actually, with whole milk. She asked if I wanted that in my cup and I could tell she was worried because that is too small a size for such a drink. But no, I was okay with a 16-ounce plastic to-go cup, and I think that surprised her.
   I went down Herron Ave, turned right at Saluda, left at Dunwell, right at Tryon, right at Louisiana, left at Crown, left at Dorchester and veered right onto Florida as normal. I walked to Hannah's front door, possibly for the first time, fished the Batman key out of the mailbox, went into the house, set my things down on the table, put my food in the kitchen, laid on Hannah's bed and wrote in my journal.

Bruce is chilling next to me and Neville is making careful periodic visits. A hand-written poster is on the wall that says:
   "We are not producers. I am not a factory. I am a human with a heart + soul + mind. 'I am more conduit than creator of what I express' is the artist's way. 
   I will relish the making of art + allow it to be strange to others. I will open my life to opportunities where art can be shared, where stories can be told, and where I see a glimmer of holy or grace. And what I mean is the glimmer of wholeness and people returning to their true hearts. I choose to use my other gifts to do what else is necessary to pay my rent. I will reject being 'the best in the biz' there.
   Believing that the world does not need more hustle or impatience or dismissiveness. Believing that the gift I have been given is to tell the stories and to sing and create space where good things can happen. A true + untidy welcome. Where pain can be unkempt + healed. Rejecting over + over comparison + competitive thinking as poison to the ecosystem I want to be part of.
   Instead...
   Cultivating the soil of my life + heart
   Planting good seeds
   Giving them space + time (no overcrowded rows)
   And love + sunlight + water + attention + faithfulness to small things.
   I will not measure by achievement but by what is able to grow + flourish over time."

. . .

I read my recent entries and texted Hannah a picture of Neville in the window, saying, "Laundry has been swapped and dried. Summer camp is fully underway!" She thanked me for encouraging her to take her big blanket and, in the midst of that conversation, went back and loved my message about possibly wanting kids.
   I said that I had been recruited to let Charlie out again this evening, that I was turning into a real pet sitter, and she asked where Kevin and Alyse were. I said Kevin was probably working and Alyse was probably at Dr. Dog rehearsal, which was still funny and surreal to see in writing. Four minutes later, I said, "Wait!! That's not where Kevin is" with four laugh-cry emoji, sent her a reel of a comfortable orange cat and wrote in my journal.

 Kevin is, of course, on tour with the Honeycutters and Hannah Kaminer.

. . .

I texted Hannah at 2:23. "Exciting adventure plans: I'm going to walk to my house, print some journal entries, walk down to Kev's, let Charlie out, swing by Aldi, get a burrito from El Kimchi at the Brew Pump and come back. I hope you have a great show and a fun time in Nashville!"
   I changed into shorts, put on my hat, packed my blue bag with wallet, phone, journal. I walked outside shoeless, but the pavement was too hot. At my house, I formatted and printed entries, ate a brownie, laid on my bed and scrolled on my phone until 3:50, at which pointed I cracked an Athletic and walked down to Hendrix, running into Courtney and one of his offspring at the intersection of Delaware and Woodgate; we mainly talked about where Kevin and Scott lived.
   I let Charlie out, sat on their couch, took a picture of Nubs, sent it to (in order of enthusiasm of response) Hannah, Cait, Kevin and Alyse. I scrolled on the couch and let Charlie in around 5:00. I filled her Kong with peanut butter and she tried to convince me to let her eat it under the bed. I placed it in her kennel and she went for it after 30 seconds of resisting.
   I walked to the Brew Pump, running into neighbor Scott outside of Odd. I was starting to get woozily low on blood sugar. I ordered a Bulgogi beef burrito with a can of Coke, went inside, bought a six-pack of Trail Pass, gave Holly $2, ate my burrito and drank my Coke while sitting across from Tate at the first picnic table. Allen came in as I was finishing, and we both headed toward the back bench.
   I sat back there and absorbed nutrients while Adam, Rob, Tate, Francis and Chad gathered. Francis and I talked about him moving to town, drinking less beer and possibly donating his piano to Cait. When Drew arrived, who he had considered moving in with, he said, "I like Drew. He's honest."
   It dawned on my at that exact moment that Drew might be on the spectrum, so I said, "Perhaps autisticly so."
   Francis said, "Yes, excellent, even better."
   Drew came over and said, "Wow, Ross, you need to grow back your facial hair this instant." Rob's dog started barking at Drew and never stopped.
   Chad passed a bowl around. Francis eventually left. Drew railed AVL Fest for being too mainstream while singing Melissa's praises as a friend, then departed. Chad vanished as well, so after appeasing Drunk Rob with a couple minutes of conversation about AVL Fest and the presidential election, I said, Aiight, I'ma skedaddle."
   I walked east with my beer, finishing it in front of the Country Club. I went down to Hannah's house, deposited my things, laid on her bed and wrote in my journal. I realized I hadn't read the entries I'd printed earlier, so I did that too. 

. . .

Hannah texted me at 9:44:

How are things there? 2 out of 3 green room occupants are fast asleep here.

A well-known summer camp tradition is to eat all the string cheese, so very successful, I would say. I just took a bath and Neville was very curious about it. How was your set?

Kevin's gotta be one of the sleepers 

Neville and Bruce love keeping me company during baths! Sometimes they perch on the side 
It was good! Started off a little rough and then I found my footing and by the end I was feeling good about it!

Bruce didn't even check it out... not sure WHAT he was up to

He mainly just wants the string cheese and the wrappers so he may have been sulking

Maybe smelling shoes? One of his other hobbies 
There is yacht rock on the stage next door to the green room and it is impossibly loud. I am ready to never hear another yacht rock song for about five years 

Did you bring your headphones??

No :( not the big foam ones
Bad idea to leave them!

Oh no! I wish I had thought of that last night!
The PetSmart hotel had toppled over when I got back today so it's being anchored down by my blue bag and they think that is an excellent addition

Have you ever played yacht rock?

Hmm, I don't think I have. Secret B-Sides would be the closest but we don't really rock so we thankfully stay more in the R&B/hip-hop realm 
And I hate Steely Dan. Does playing Dreams by Fleetwood Mac count?

Awww thanks for looking out for them. And me sometimes too!!

Oh that's good. I don't think Fleetwood Mac counts but now I'm pondering the definition at all

You're welcome!

It's all very tricky. I googled yacht rock examples and that came up, but I'm gonna let them and me slide on this one. I've covered it in almost every band including with Tina and she would never admit to playing yacht rock... I don't think 
Thanks for trusting me and giving me the opportunities to look out for y'all sometimes

—VI.IV

I had an assortment of intense feeling, possibly generic dreams. I woke at ten and had a difficult time with Wordle. I knew the fourth letter was a U and that there was an E in the word. I broke the rules of hard mode for my second guess, going with PAINT and was glad to find the word ended with T. But there were no other vowels. I was afraid it might take me all day, but after brute-forcing a few made up words, I realized it had to be DEBUT and took pride in a hard earned three-guess.
   I went to make coffee, but Hannah's sink was too full of dishes to fit the kettle, and the hose sprayer didn't seem to work, so, after a long pee, I put on my clothes, put the clean dishes away and washed the dirty ones. I filled the electric kettle halfway, spent way too long sorting through all the possible mugs (I'm always looking for the smallest and most textured,) put a filter in the pour-over cone, poured hot water over it, dumped the last of the coffee on top of the wet filter, dumped the hot water out of the mug, moved the whole setup to a sunny spot by the back window and started pouring. Bruce was watching from atop the time machine dishwasher. I gave him a kiss and a headbutt.
   I took my half cup of coffee to the living room, which was fairly clean and invitingly well lit. I scanned the bookshelf (tickled to find Prayer for Owen Meany and even more so Confederacy of Dunces) looking for the book we had talked about at Mamacita's about a woman who realizes she's autistic in her late 30s and found it, The Electricity of Every Living Thing. I enjoyed the prologue about her driving through the rain, tuning into the middle of a radio interview with an autistic woman, getting defensive about autistic people being difficult to date and surprising herself by using the word 'we.'
   I went to the bedroom, glanced at my phone, grabbed my computer, returned to the living room and wrote in my journal.

I always know I have found a good book when it makes me want to write more. I have been wanting to write a lot lately, but it is an unmistakable feeling. I could see this fourth of July hopefully being a day of not leaving the house, but I would have to be scrappy with food. The thought of ordering a pizza is intriguing, but the thought of pizza itself is not. My diet could be better lately, but I have definitely at least noticed a desire to avoid certain hate-myself type foods. 

. . .

I read a chapter, texted with Ryan about a cookout at his parents' place and Dan about a potential July 19 gig. Then I remembered a message I had been thinking about imaginarily writing out for Hannah the past couple days (after making sure she is ready for emotion-related content.)
   I'm don't know what's going on between us; I don't think you do either and that's okay with me because I'm happy with how things are. For a long time, I've wanted to say this next thing but I have struggled endlessly with the syntax. I can only think of two ways to say it, and neither is quite right.
   One is: I'm not going to date anybody in the near future.
   I don't like the way that reads because I'm afraid it could be confused as including you, whom I still very much would like to date.
   The other: I'm not going to date anybody else any time soon.
   I don't like this way either because it represents me as mistakenly thinking we are dating, which you have made clear we are not. 

This is exactly one of the things she was talking about when she said not to overthink it. So, unless I happen to, in a state of surrender, come across a simple way of saying what I need to, I will continue to keep this to myself. I think and hope she knows this already. It has been six weeks since I went on a date with Maddy. I guess that's not yet anything to brag about. I could call that almost two months if I was feeling defensive, but it still doesn't sound very impressive.

At 12:43, she laughed and loved my final two texts from the night before, but did not write a response.

. . .

I read a chapter in bed and looked at my phone, wondering what businesses were open. Kota Kai said they would be, so I got dressed, packed my messenger bag with journal, wallet, phone and The Electricity of Every Living Thing, walked up to my house, formatted and printed eight pages. I packed a clean shirt and my computer charger, then went to UJ, where I sat with Michel, who was having a Tecate before work, contemplating quitting drinking, finding a new job and/or leaving town completely.
   The bartender apologized for taking so long to appear, then said, "Let's get you some food," so I ordered an Old One-Two burger with tots and a Coke. I took Michel's seat when he left for work and ate my meal watching doubles tennis. Matt Martin texted me as I was leaving.
   "Pj wants your number" 
   "Giveth it" 
   "Mmhm"
   I walked down to Kota Kai after a brief interaction with Cactus Kate outside the Brew Pump, who I didn't even recognize in her patriotic garb. I ordered a drip coffee, let it cool in the window, read a chapter and texted with PJ. As I have enjoyed filling pages with text message conversation, this instance would be too easy. The gist is that he wants me to send random recordings of me on the drums, since I play so freely and joyfully. He also wants to be my friend.
   I got a warmer-upper, said, "See y'all," and walked down to Hannah's, poking my head into the Oyster House with a thumbs-up for Michel as promised. "Eyyyyy!" I stepped into the air conditioning, set down my bag, took off my hat, let Bruce smell my shoes, texted with PJ some more and wrote in my journal.

. . .

I read my recently printed entries and a couple chapters of le book. I farted around the house a bit and got another text from PJ, possibly insightful enough to include:
   "I'm sure the person you are crushing on will take note that you are learning about her sister through this book out of a genuine desire for empathy and understanding, to increase your capacity for caring in context and not to ingratiate yourself. I can't help but imagine that will be very meaningful to them."
   Then an exchange with Maddy: 
   "When are you going to Red Rock?"
   "Decided I'm not gonna go... hopefully gonna house sit for Kev/Alyse and/or Scott/Leann during that time"
   "Are you feeling less happy about your living situation or just looking for a staycation?"
   "Just securing some income"
   "Oh! Hell yeah. I don't think I've ever been paid to house sit, but that's pretty rad"
   And then, at six, I got the text I had been hoping for from Scott:
   "G'day mate.  Happy fourf!  Was just oooking ahead and was wondering if youde be into anothe house dog cat sit july 16-20?  Hows that strike you?  NSIFNOC! (No sweat if not of course)"
   I touched myself, thinking about someone other than Hannah for the first time in weeks. Kate was effortless, and it made me a little sad. I cleaned up, read a chapter and wrote in my journal.

I've had the idea that perhaps I could catalog my printed journals by year. Part of me thinks I could simply glue them together and cut out custom covers of leather. It would be nice to display them so that I could see the size of each year. That might give me an excuse to skip ahead in my Missing Months project and approach it from a different angle: Timeline first. What if I started that right now? Don't forget the end date is March 7th.
   I don't know. Not having the minute and finite details makes it really boring and tedious to put together. "I drove to Gary's house for Zelda's birthday party, then went to Kevin's house for Hannah rehearsal." Bleh.
   I decided to see if it would be more fun to type up an entry from my journal and indeed it was. The first one was, expectedly, a long one. I also cracked open a Trail Pass.

. . .

I typed up old entries until the sun went down, then moved all my things to the bedroom. I typed one more until my battery died, read a chapter, texted Hannah around 930 and got a quick response. They had had a long day of driving and were worn thin. I touched myself again, thinking about Hannah, almost as easily. I ate some grapes and cheese out of the fridge and wrote in my journal. 

I am feeling a little insecure tonight, more so than I have since I was in Washington almost two weeks ago, but I know this means nothing. It was a little upsetting that Hannah hadn't reached out to me by 930. Perhaps I should have waited longer. She will always be this way, even if we are committed. Tour is difficult and I know this. She wants emotional freedom BEFORE emotional safety. August will be difficult for me no matter what.
   It's important to remember her communication was enthusiastic; we both shared the entirety of our days, albethey relatively uneventful. I guess she didn't respond to my microbids to talk about the book. That and her not reaching out first are all I'm complaining about. 

VI.V—

I had dreams that I was trying to recreate a specific but imaginary episode of South Park in live action, that kind of dream where we're trying to create a movie, but there are no cameras, crew or script. I woke up at 10, played Wordle (CRUSH in three) put on my shorts, started the kettle, made the bed, put the clean dishes away and realized the reserve bag of coffee I'd had my eyes on was whole-bean and Hannah doesn't have a grinder.
   I knew there was another partially used bag in the fridge, but I hadn't had a good feeling about it. Indeed, it was French Vanilla, but I sucked it up and made a pour-over using the center-only technique. I moved my laptop, charger, journal, wallet, pen and book to the living room, then rolled up my pants + my Tina shirt and put them in my blue bag. I moved that and my hat out to the living room chair, then folded up my towel and put it back on the bed.
   I went out to the living room, took a sip of coffee and wrote in my journal.

I have managed to make it so strong that I can thankfully only taste the bitterness, not the vanilla or the French. My plans today are up in the air. Should I stay and show new person the ropes? Should I risk getting wet from rain on the way home, possibly even a thunderstorm? I definitely need to take out the recycling, move Hannah's car, clean the litter box and inspect the fridge. I am excited to return to my house, and interestingly have no strict obligations for an entire week. 
   I would like to see Courtney's ska band at FBO on Sunday.
   Hannah is back on Monday.
   Sun Goblin is at the 27 Club on Tuesday.
   Other than possibly doing some or all of those things, I will probably be typing up and printing out old journal entries and experimenting with how to present them, and probably watching some movies, too. I am a little worried that I will be inclined to be over-communicative with Hannah. That will be a decidedly active project, including today's checkout/swap-over process.

. . .

I read a long chapter, cleaned the litter boxes, took out the recycling/litter, refolded my towel into thirds to match the unused one, moved laundry to the basket, unplugged my phone, packed up the charger, checked the weather and texted Hannah.
   "Good morning! Beds are made, dishes done, litter clean, bowls full, laundry in-basket and fridge mostly cheeseless. I can't really move your car right now because that olive-skinned man is out there yappin' on his phone again, but maybe I could take it up to my house if he doesn't leave soon. I'm gonna finish my coffee (French vanilla!) and read another chapter at least. Speaking of, do you mind if I borrow this book? I'm halfway through, so I should be finished before you get back. I'm also happy to stick around and show Cameron the ropes if that makes things easier in your brain"
   I wrote in my journal while eyeing the rest of my coffee and another chapter of The Electricity of Every Living Thing.

. . .

I moved the Space Bug to an open spot, packed my book, my computer, my ramen, three bananas, two Trail Passes, the remaining block of cheese, put on my hat, my shoes, my bags, said goodbye to the cats (Bruce was in his basket and Neville was under the couch,) locked the door, put the key in the mailbox and walked in the drizzle to Meyers Ave. A FedEx truck was leaving and Erica was sitting in the porch swing. "Did you get a visa?" I asked.
   She said, "I think so," and handed me her passport, which definitely included a residence visa, meaning she can stay as long as she likes henceforth.
   I said congratulations and opened a Trail Pass. She seemed understandably overwhelmed with where life would/should take her next. I went inside, put away my bananas, Trail Pass and cheese, then my hat and bags. I formatted/printed seven pages of entries, pasted them into my journal, then opened up Keep and wrote.

The most sensible thing might be for me to volunteer to move down to the basement once she leaves in early August so that she could turn the upstairs into a full-fledged Airbnb again. I have no qualms with that at all, especially if we could nudge my rent back down to 400 (not holding my breath.) That way, Erica could stay in an upstairs room whenever she comes to America, though, I'm not sure what all that would be for. One thing I know for sure is that this house won't be ready to sell any time soon, and the kitchen downstairs in fact makes it illegal to do so. I think I'll go get a cup of coffee and see how that idea floats.

. . .

I went downstairs, made a coffee, sat and talked with Erica. She said me moving to the basement was certainly a possibility, but wasn't sure I would enjoy having Arbnb guests upstairs; she had had a conversation recently about someone who was looking for a two-bedroom apartment, which sounds more ideal to both of us. The only thing she knows for sure is that she wants to sheet rock and walls and ceiling of the basement and put in doors instead of having holes in the exterior walls.
   I said I would be down for whatever, came upstairs, continued drinking coffee with a side of Trail Pass, created a master file for my full 2024 journal and wrote in the current one.

. . .

I typed several pages worth of entries until I reached the point of the online journal and felt unsure how I wanted to proceed, so I laid in bed and read a short chapter. I remembered that the online journal is published in reverse order, and so, rather than reprogramming it to display chronologically, I will transcribe it again. I would rather have the original names, places and unedited language anyway.
   I probably deleted a lot of things retroactively, come to think of it.

. . .

I typed a lot, read a couple chapters, ate some ham + cheese, drank a seltzer, typed some more, opened a Trail Pass, wrote some more, read some more, enjoyed the rain storm, had JB scope out the Brew Pump food truck for me; there was none. I went and got a burrito and an Athletic golden from Country Club. I walked home, ate the burrito and french fries at the kitchen counter, called French Broad Food Co-Op, confirmed they have Dr. Bronner's shaving soap, typed a little bit, drove to Ingles for hop water and OJ, then sent Hannah a picture of the combo and said, "Look what you've done to me" with a melty face, then, "It's genius, really"
   She said, "Thank you! It was a surprise to me that it was actually good" and then, "Hopmosas? Is that what we should call it?"
   I said, "I think that's what you called it before even describing it and I knew what it was right away"
   She said, "Oh yay. That's a good name then!"
   I got high, typed some more, drank my hopmosa, read a chapter, scrolled on my phone, ate some cheese and then wrote in my journal.

It has been difficult to see in writing how intense I have been with Hannah, and to think that she's still, at worst, my affectionate friend, is amazing. Thankfully, the worst of it, journal-wise is over. I do not spill my guts anymore between what has been written and the present. 

. . .

I looked at social media, unrolled my musty rug, opened another hop water, typed a few long entries , ate some cheese, read another chapter, checked the weather, confirmed I'd be able to walk in the morning and wrote in my journal.
