This is now my freewrite file. It is not a journal. It is simply a place for ideas when they creep in, or if I sense them on the periphery.

A day of doing nothing
It makes me wonder
How much better could life be
If everyone was able to do this
No hangover
No work
Not even going on a walk or buying a coffee
Would we write more poems?
Paint more paintings?

My journal has become so structured, but I remember my place to be free.
A blank text document without distractions, without rules.
I said it out loud two or three times at the Orange Peel show, and I maybe
even put it in my journal; I really want to go on tour. I think I need to.
I long for the staring out the window, beholden to nobody but the band.
And getting there on time.

I was happy to be at home
For a year or two off
I begged for it
And I needed Cait to love
But now I am ready to start at the same point on a different circle
To be single and travel
To make money
To eat at the restaurant that makes the most sense in any given city
At the given time of day
Or have it brought to me

The road is not my mother

. . .

I had a strong feeling that I might need to write something. Do I have a life story yet?
I was born and thought I had a good childhood... just felt insecure about the strangers in my house.
I stopped doing schoolwork because it seemed like pointless bullshit.
I discovered drums/marching band and found my people.
I went to college and started to feel like myself.
We made a band and saw some success over a 10-year period.

My first girlfriend moved to New York.
My second girlfriend moved out because she was suicidal.
My third girlfriend cheated on me with my bandmate and many more.
My band broke up.
My fourth girlfriend became my fiancee, cheated on me and dumped me.
I moved in with my friend and have been focusing on healing while playing music with my favorite musician.


For some reason, I am dealing with extra Cait anger. I think I am just sad because it is dreary and cold, but she is a good scapegoat for my angst.
I am also broke and somewhat bored, and definitely not motivated. I wondered on the way too and from Ingles how she could still be living with herself.
I would really like if she reached out to me. I'm not sure I would be nice. Interestingly, I forgot all about her while I was shopping for groceries.
Tomorrow I have Blob rehearsal. Thursday I have TAHP reharsal at an unknown time. I also told Aren I would meet up with him, but I may not have any
money by then. Friday, Fwuit is playing the Mt. Mitchell golf club again. I should have money that day. Otherwise, my phone is getting cut off.
Saturday, I probably won't do anything, but I could go see the Rocky Horror Music Show at Asheville Music Hall if I wanted to. Sunday, TAHP plays
Rare Bird Farm from 2-4. I'll end up with some more time off after that and will still need to be saving money.
	Of course, I'm also expecting to recieve a payment from Travis soon. I need to make sure I am charging enough money for that work.

Sunny venmoed me the money I needed for my cell bill, so that will help a little. Now I only need to pay this week's rent and the parking ticket.
I hope we make more at the golf club than we did last time, but I'm not sure how much it is/was. I probably won't be able to pay both this week
and next week's rent with it, but I should definitely be settled up on rent after Rare Bird Farm. Next week will be very light if Biltmore check
doesn't come through, but I will be getting plenty of money the week after that! I am happy to have this way of organizing my thoughts again. It
is too much for my journal, but needed for my brain. All the possibilities of thoughts pass through this noggin, but these are the ones that actually
make sense.

gonna watch the phillies play and I'm excited about it. What am I so ready to write about? Or, more importantly, how do I tell it? Why should anyone
care about my karma, the choices I've made myself?

I write best when I am straightforward an honest. I do have many interesting stories to tell, but some of them would be difficult to recall at this point.
I've been saying that for years though. 

Something about watching baseball made me want to take care of my teeth and get into my jammies. Maybe I'll even take a bath after this.

I need to become my most peaceful self. There is not much to be done. That is maybe just how the seasons go.
Cait dumped me at the first sight of warm weather. It has been my wylin' out season. 
Being cozy in Erica's house is my present, and probably my immediate future.
I'm okay with that. 

I enjoyed going out in the winters with Cait, but it often resulted in me sitting by my lonesome at the bar while others smoked cigarettes.
I cannot imagine myself wanting to do that any time soon. Or can I?
Sitting at a bar is obviously one of my favorite things to do, but feeling the pull of having to choose between inside and out makes it a lot less fun.
This *will* be a relatively sober season or two.

. . .

I am feeling optimistic about this day, my third day off in a row. I plan to make my bed when the laundry is done, fold my clothes, make some food, go to the Brew Pump
somewhere close to 3PM, maybe even eat some El Kimchi dumplings and then walk down to band practice. Tomorrow should be Tina practice, and possibly my first time 
meeting Max unless I swing by there today, which is not a bad idea either.

Some days, the urge to be creative is so strong.
Some days, simply doing one's chores brings such contentment.
Some days simply lack focus.
Today is the second. Yesterday was the first. I do not like the third, and hope to avoid them as much as possible, to be mindful in their face.
Some days are just plain busy, and that's okay. Last week was like that in a way. 

	-X.XX-

I'm thinking maybe I should label the days in this freewrite journal. It's kind of funny, the concept of having two concurrent journals, but on a computer, it actually makes some sense.
I have the slightest of mixed feelings about choosing Josh's studio to record new Dulci songs because:

-Drop of Sun is walkable for me
-The quality of the studio is known and high
-There is a separate greenroom area with a coffee maker

But:

-No piano
-Slightly more uptight vibes
-Really love Josh and want to support his endeavor
-Most importantly, the opportunity of trying something new and having to wonder no more

Playing the golf club this rainy day with a lot of sleep

	-X.XXI-

I am torn on what to do with my day.
I kinda wanna see the rocky horror show, but only kinda
I don't want to spend a lot of money
I don't want to get very drunk.
I do want to soak up some sunshine
I do want to eat a yummy meal
I'm undecided about meeting the bnb guest
I can't think of any friends I want to reach out to
Maybe Aren will want to hang out
It *feels* like I'm gonna confine myself to my cozy cell
I may even lay down some more





Well what did I sit down at my computer for?
What was I thinking about? The complication of already knowing Maryclair likes jazz
But also, and firstly, taking her to see jazz
What else would I have done after my meal?
I must leave in 20 minutes

I don't want to see Sunny on her birthday
I don't want others to know I came to see her
Yet, I feel compelled somehow
I don't even want to have a beer
I guess the excuses must be combined
I will order hibachi and give a hug and leave when my food is ready
Setting boundaries is essential
I will let Charlie twist my arm
or Lucy
but not Sunny






I no longer have confidence, but the ease of knowing I've dealt with many mistakes


bluehost pin: 344223
